[["When evil people politicize a pandemic for their own personal gain, this is what happens. It's a real head shaker and history will look back on this with total disbelief.", "There is no living with it. Even if you survive multiple different strains of covid, eventually it will mutate to a point where you don't survive", 'Intelligent people wear masks to protect their loved ones and themselves.', 'Cool story, so after America "lets it rip", will Andrew Sullivan be covering everyone\'s medical expenses for these extended, extremely expensive hospital stays for every American who survives or dies, so that these families don\'t have to declare bankruptcy? Or is he saying Americans need to learn how to get used to being homeless too?', 'Many years ago I noticed people wearing masks on the underground rail in Japan.  I asked why, do they want to isolate themselves from fellow passengers?  No, I was told.  If they have a cold or the flu they wear a mask so as not to infect others.  No big deal, wear a mask.  This was decades ago.', 'Yeah there is a cost to being a responsible adult, paying bills, doing chores, wearing seat belts and bike helmets…. BUT THE COST OF NOT DOING THESE THINGS IS ALWAYS MORE!!!', "I've never been more disappointed in Anderson Cooper. To bring this guy on and give him a forum is irresponsible.", "There's the Delta variant then who knows what. Masks are a simple way to inhibit transmission especially in close quarters. This pandemic isn't over folks.", 'Why is wearing masks equated to not living? It is all just about reducing transmission rates to try avoid another variant taking hold. Vaccines help and so does masks. Masks are such a small inconvenience compared to another lockdown if a new variant do take hold.', 'An hiv+ man telling others to stop attempting to protect themselves and those around them from an infectious virus. Lol wtf.', "One of the author's points was that mask mandates restrict us in living life to its fullest. The question I have is, How does wearing a mask restrict anyone from living your life to the fullest?", 'Why is it so hard to wear a mask for public health reasons. Wearing a mask has nothing to do with a right. Why do people fight against this so much.', "A parent can arrested for leaving their child (or pet in some states) in a HOT car. \nIf a parent isn't vaccinated and spreads the virus to their child who dies, should the parent be arrested?", 'Let\'s not "Let it rip": The more people get infected, the better the chances are for the virus to mutate into something worse. I understand the frustration, but he\'s not an epidemiologist, so he doesn\'t know what he\'s talking about.', 'Reason is that in smaller cities, with limited emergency beds, even normal emergencies like burst appendix etc would become life threatening.', 'Has he already forgotten about the child in Marjorie Taylor Greenes district that died of covid just a couple of weeks ago... ya know, the one that she laughed about. This is just insanity...', '"Author loses half his readership, wonders why"', 'Come on Coop; why would I want to take medical advice from a writer.  This seems like a well timed controversial editorial to garner attention for his book launch.', 'So by this author’s logic. Does he recommend unprotected sex, living with HIV aids? \nHe says let it rip on COVID, why not HIV by the same selfish logic', 'The favored view of the willfully ignorant is hind sight.', 'Let it rip? Really? Yikes. Tell that to all the health care workers who are burnt out and risking their lives to fight this pandemic. So selfish. 🥺', 'How awful is this man and so many like him   he basically is throwing immuncomprimised under the bus', 'while I get his logic, the fact that he has had HIV for 20 years tells me his opinion is very very slanted based on his own illness', "Can't understand the rationale behind bringing this has-been guy on to sell books, and misinformation!", "The Arkansas Children's Hospitals in Little Rock and Springdale recorded 24 admissions in a single day – a 50 per cent increase over any previous peak. The hospitals' chief clinical officer said they had seven youngsters in intensive care, with two on ventilators, adding: 'This is the worst that we've seen it for kids.'", 'eh. meh. reminds me of that start trek DS9 episode where a whole planet of people made their entire culture revolve around "the blight," and death was worshipped etc etc.  Everything was about that.  I just don\'t think we\'re there yet, here.  He\'s kind of saying "lay down and die."', 'Andrew get a grip on reality, you are already immune compromised.', 'What’s his credential? Is he an immunologist or virologist? For an HIV positive person, he is immune compromised, how crazy is that to take it so lightly?', '20% of the hospitalizations are children in florida.', 'How can the position of a parent be "unique" when tens of millions of people are parents?', "I'm a lefty and it is interesting to me how gentle Anderson Cooper is with his friend who has looney ideas about covid and how to avoid it. The reason we need to wear masks is because we don't want to spread it to others plain and simple. This is a war and when you're in a war you do what it takes to win. Anderson you are disappointing.", 'Never seen so many doctors and scientists with no PhD in my lifetime', 'When this guy on the hospital bed dying with covid guess what he will be saying? : “I wish I took the shot”', 'Don’t really care what some author thinks. When it comes to public health he is not an expert.', 'I guess then that we should have learned to live with Polio. We should have embraced it and learned to live with it as we embrace "living". Wow...', "Really what's the case for even giving these people a platform smh.", '"The government isnt suppost to hold your hand." says the guy that drives on government roads, learned to read in government schools is prorected by government police and military, his home address assigned by government, a house that dosent fall down on him because of government regulations, makes phone calls on cell spectrum that is owned by government, has property rights because of government, can marry who he wants because of government. Go right ahead show us how its done without government. He\'d last a week at most.', "I don't think DeSantis and Abbott even know what the job of a Governor is, and what their responsibilities are.\nThey should both be sued for criminal negligence.", "What planet is this guy from?  Does he not see what's happening to children in Florida and Texas right now.", 'Americans who are unvaccinated need to understand they will always be at risk , if was unvaccinated I’d definitely make sure I m not obese , diabetic or on a diet of processed food especially seed/vegetable oils.', 'WHAT IS SO DIFFICULT ABOUT JUST WEARING THE MASK?   COME ON!  GET REAL!\nSULLIIVAN IS PREACHING CULLING THE  HERD.  JUST LET THE WEAK DIE.  DARWIN WINS.  PRETTY BRUTAL WHEN YOU CAN EASILY DO WHAT MAKES SENSE--MASK,DISTANCE,VAX.', 'What if your child was that 1% ? This man is just damn ignorant!', "In the time of covid, living your life to the fullest can be very hazardous to others. It's now just plain selfish", "Hey genuis ...18X more likely to drown.. but that doesn't apply once all precautions are dropped", 'Once he said he didn’t have kids I stopped listening…. Btw Sir you can’t sneeze on someone and give them HIV', 'LOL! Is he for real? This is just like an SNL skit!', 'Apparently, Andrew has become the intellectual equivalent of a Hollywood  B actor.', 'His idea of "freedom." is horrendous. Freedom must come with responsibility.', 'I was so compelled to just watch two intelligent, articulate men have a civil debate about such a huge issue…I get his arguments, but masks on children!', '"Experience keeps a dear [expensive] school, but a fool will learn in no other" (Samuel Johnson) I guess what he\'s saying is that seeing people die is the only thing that will induce fools to get vaccinated. Unfortunately, until they learn, unmasked fools walk around infecting others. He also misses the point that with hospital capacity stretched thin and front-line workers suffering burnout, non-covid patients don\'t get the care they need. Wearing a mask is a minor inconvenience; it doesn\'t get in the way of living. You only need one indoors anyway. I\'d stick to medical advice at least while cases are on the upswing. US cases up 25% and deaths up 31% in the last week, and obviously worse in the states with low vaccination rates. Sane states like Massachusetts are maybe over the hump.', 'These trump supporters are willing to die for a lie!  \nNever in my life have I seen such idiocracy', 'On Cris Cuomo and his misdeeds related to his big brother\'s situation:\n\n"When it comes to credibility and trust, people don’t see individual reporters or news organizations. They see \'the media.\'\xa0So when one journalist or outlet makes questionable choices, the tarnish can easily spread to others.\xa0And make no mistake about it, Cuomo’s choices in this situation are questionable – at best." - Kathleen Bartzen Culver, director of the Center for Journalism Ethics\n\nOh don\'t worry Kathleen, the majority of people knew very well about Chris before this, as well as CNN\'s credibility. They didn\'t need any more help. This is just the cherry on top.', 'Andrew Sullivan can always be counted on to add something worthwhile to a conversation.\nNo, not really.', "If I just read the title of the video with no picture. He looks exactly how I'd imagine him", '"promote the general Welfare" - Preamble of the United States Constitution. I\'d say that does give our federal government (and, by extension, state and local governments) the authority to set mandates during a widespread emergency. 620000 US deaths and counting is what I \'d call an emergency.', 'Guess I just got scammed buying the all new N95 underwear, everyone still smells it when I let one rip', 'He’s talking about thinning the herd to achieve herd immunity - through the combination of vaccinations and natural infections. At the very least, it’s a new/different way of looking at it - especially coming from someone who supports getting vaccinated.', 'Where did this guy come from? Looney tunes!', "Mr. Sullivan needs a grip on reality if he doesn't realize it.  None of us like masks.  If we go to Mars...will we wear a space suit?", 'gotta luv it... the "learn to live with it" attitude..LoL... just give POLIO a chance!! riight? hes basically advocating for the "right to life" for a f#cking virus..\nvirus\'s lives matter!! #VLM 😂😆', 'At least wait until ALL children are eligible to be vaccinated for some time before just eliminating all precautions. For instance, go back to school full time but require masks, our school did it all last year and it worked out great much to our relief. As far as the immunocompromised go, I want them to be as safe as possible but they are used to being limited in some ways. I wish everyone who could get vaccinated would and help protect everyone but I feel that is a pipe dream.', "On one hand, I totally agree. Let it Rip! But, on the other, I know that every person the virus enters gives it one more chance to mutate into something our current vaccines can't beat. And then I get really, really angry with the selfish people refusing the vaccine. Their rights to do what they want aren't bigger than our rights to LIVE. They don't have the right to kill us all.", 'HIV doesn’t spread like COVID. That guy doesn’t know what he is talking about and shouldn’t conflate the two. Individual safe behavior can protect oneself from HIV, whereas it can’t protect oneself from COVID if one is surrounded by irresponsible COVID-infected/spreading people. Why even offer him time on CNN…🤦🏻', 'Death rate may be low, but long haul and permanent neurological damage from Covid-19 is real and very under reported.', 'you mustn’t let children not live?? does that sentence even make sense? i’ve heard this guy before & he’s an expert on everything.', "Imagine that. Somebody with HIV doesn't care whether you live or die", "I'd love to see this interview unedited. Im a liberal person and I completely agree with everything he says. We need to stop pushing ppl toward vaccines and let the grim reaper do the talking because once you know someone who has been effected your decision will change way more than from any Dr on tv. Like is happening now in the Southern states.", 'I LOVE this perspective. Agree with the parent perspective. As a parent of two that can’t be vaccinated and a member of a family who has members who won’t get the vaccine - it’s led to some hard decisions.', 'He starts with old information that children are not effected seriously by Covid. This is not so true as it was now that the Delta variant is the predominating form. More children are being hospitalized. Also,  he misses the problem of the mutation of this virus being dependent on replication in human hosts.', "Yup. Let them suffer ALL the consequences of their actions. Close off emergency rooms to the willfully unvaccinated...standby your convictions even if it means your own or a loved ones death you sorry hypocrites. Unfortunately for them, freedom doesn't confer wisdom or good judgment.", 'Sully has always been a narcissist. Nothing new here.', '"You mustn\'t let children not live" yea cause you know when children also don\'t live? When they die of Covid.', "Can this guy not talk for me? I prefer not being social and love social distancing. Keep 6 feet at all times. I don't get how anyone is lonely these days with the internet. That's enough socializing for me.", 'These people with a death wish are amazing.', 'Don’t let this guy make you feel like we are overreacting to this because we are not. Anderson wanted to say so much more. Lol', 'They should take precautions until this covid thing is being researched and how to safely control it', 'So, your telling me a VANDERBILT changed his name to Anderson Cooper and interned at the CIA to tell me the TRUTH??????\n\nYeahhhhhh....sure.', "My dad's sister died in 1917 during the Spanish Flu at age 4 , in a small rural town . It  took  2.5 years for the Spanish Flu to run it course with  smaller world population and less travel . No planes . This will be here in some form for long time .", 'One child drowning will not have any bearing on the same thing happening to another, unlike getting a virus. Statistics eh?', 'WTF is a mask mandate anything to do with "Living"? You can still go about doing  your normal dailies whilst being vaccinated and also wearing masks out there? The two things are in opposition to each other so the arguments this guy makes is total BS. Sure, you are a bit more inconvenienced with a mask. But it\'s no different from wearing a god damn seatbelt in a car to be mandated. \nTotally irrelevant in logic.\nLockdowns are a different thing however - but essential for quick reactionary cleanup and assessing the situations but it does impact on people\'s lives this way.', "What worries me is Egypt is supposedly 80% vaccinated and they're still having problems out of covid. I haven't heard many talk about that", "I'm sorry but this guy is a quack", 'that kind of people need to volunteer 1 week in a hospital to experience a bit of reality.', 'Make no mistake about it, DeSantis and Abbott are more than willing to watch your childrenD.i.e., just so they can say they "owned the libs."', "I'm sure this guy has watched this interview after it was done. So if you are reading any of these comments? YOU are an author I would NEVER want to read.  I can get my stupidity elsewhere.", 'Heard this week that in Texas, I think it was Houston, that they are out pediatric ICU beds for an infant(1yo).   It required an air ambulance  to fly the kid to a hospital 100mi. away.', "I beg to differ that safety is the primary duty of any government or society to protect it's citizen in accordance to the SOCIAL CONTRACT! This Social Contract is an unwritten contract where the state is obligated to protect its citizens from all threats foreign or domestic. And to provide protections to its citizens it ensure public health and to keep the peace. And for this protection the public must submit to the Rules and Laws of that society to ensure Order from Chaos. \n\nOrdinary I could care less if people want to cause harm to themselves. The problem is their ignorance effects others and public. Otherwise I would say the willfully ignorant are welcome to die, in fact it maybe what nature wants to naturally select those incapable of evolving. if not for the collateral damage I would say stay unvaccinated. But they are viral carriers endangering others such as children who can't vaccinate. They should either vaccinate or should be ostracized like our other ostracized viral carriers RATS, BATS, ROACHES and MOSQUITOES, PESTS! What is our natural response when we encounter such viral spreading PESTS?", "What about reducing access to hospitals to those who are vaccinated. That's what I'm worried about. If I get in a car accident and can't get the care I need because the hospitals are filled up.", 'Why does CNN keep giving a platform to people who are dangers to society?', "I love when they say we'll only 10 kids will die .so we dont half to where masks. Makes total sense whats enough death for someone.", 'Your personal choice to deny life saving measures, endangers the lives of others.', "Let it rip, and we'll break healthcare systems. We can't just let sick people die or turn them away, even when they refuse to wear a seat belt.", "Wearing masks helps stop the spread of germs. Such a simple thing to do. Besides, why would anyone want to breathe other people's cooties?", 'Why have a hack on at this time when rates are exploding!!!!!!', "The country says it can't afford to provide healthcare for everyone. Ask Andrew if he's going to pay for the unvaccinated's medical bills.", "I am so sick and tired of the narcissistic self centeredness of selfish people. They talk like it's only about themselves.....I certainly would feel horrible if I thought I was responsible for seriously infecting someone. Your right ends when you choose to do anything that violates my right. Your so called right to go maskless can very well violate my right to be protected from the virus.", 'Sooo, his point is..."as long as it\'s not my child (only yours) who get\'s covid, it\'s ok, cause your child is dispensable, and you just have to live with it!"', 'Honestly I am over conservatives. Go for it conservatives, maybe when half your numbers are gone and you are all in crippling medical debt. Then maybe we will get health care reform in this country.', 'This is not about freedom but about the citizens of this country simply being indisciplined.', 'Andrew Sullivan strikes me as pretty bright, but also a person whose “brand” is more important than the wellbeing of society. \nChuck Todd, Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson, Laura Ingram, and oh so many others. \nIt is a huge drawback of predatory capitalism. \nRupert Murdoch would gladly sacrifice the world to make more money. \nI don’t expect that this will change anytime soon.', 'Andrew is generally extremely sharp but, here, he’s venturing into the science unprepared and he’s making mistakes. First: he is proceeding as though genetic time and actual time are the same. They are not. It does not “just lengthen the pandemic,” as he put it on his site, if we slow down the rate of viral transmission by wearing masks. His thinking presumes that the virus can move to a person, like a space on a chess board, and then remain there until it can strike again. That is how HIV works; that’s not how this virus  works. The situation is dynamic: if you mount a successful response against the virus because you’ve been vaccinated *or* because you isolate and do not transmit, and then are vaccinated, that’s not zero-sum: the virus loses genetic space and therefore genetic time. That means that the viral mutation rate slows overall because the virus has fewer chances to roll the dice with its error-prone reproductive cycles. That buys us time to do many things: vaccinate more individuals, including children; formulate better vaccines with broader ranges that covers more variants or, conceivably, all coronaviridae, putting us even further ahead of the virus or actually defeating it entirely; developing effective antivirals that turn COVID into a nuisance instead of life-threatening.\n\nAndrew’s calculating this out wrong because he doesn’t have a sense of the dynamic, rate-dependent nature of this pandemic, nor how quickly and violently it can - and still could - change direction. If the difference between a hellish vs. a mildly inconvenient coming year is a matter of two inches of fabric on our faces in public, that really ought to be a no-brainer.', "Cult of death.  These people enjoy watching others (esp children) die.  It's disgraceful.", 'is it me or this chap a complicated fella. sounds so mysterious.', "Andrew's gotten used to living with HIV. I think he's using the same mental frame. (Not putting his HIV status down at all. I've lost friends to HIV. I just think he's comparing apples to oranges).", "I think he's saying because he wants attention for his new book. he's been taking a cocktail of meds for probably years. Is he not living a life in spite of the cumbrance of medications?", 'Imagine believing nanoparticles  (i.e. droplets 0.5 microns on avg and Covid particle itself 0.06 to 1.4 microns) that are smaller than smoke particles (i.e. 2.5 microns on average) can be deflected by cloth after almost 2 years of this shabam.', 'I agree with him, the gov should not have to issue a mandate, but with half the population living in an anti-science bubble and reveling in their own intentional stupidity, the maga people have to be dealt with like small children.', 'Author has no more right to speak out about this from any high horse than do I. His opinion is just that, his own.', 'What he is saying is that kill off the stupid people. But until the kids can be vaccinated I dont agree.. 1 child dying is 1 dead child too many. Once the kids can be vaccinated.. go ahead and let it rip.', 'Hey Andy, what about those that have to care for the sick? You lack empathy and intelligence. Please don’t give anybody HIV.', 'I used to have respect for this author, but after this, that respect has gone away.', '"200 Million dead and counting" - Joe Biden', 'When will we start accusing Desantis, Abbot of genocide?????????', 'No. This is idiocy. We need fewer Edgelords in the Media.', 'Children are vulnerable, we can carry the virus still while it has hosts to keep it infecting . Masking even after vaccination should help stop it moving on.', 'why are you giving these people air time?', 'In general, who are you "protecting" by wearing a mask? The unvaccinated . . .', '100k plus infection per day , mmmm i wouldnt buy anything he say , especially with this variant', "If you really listen to this man's response.  His justification is towards trends that support his bias. He doesn't really understand how those trends occur.  He's letting his feelings dictate the facts that he's  willing to accept and filter out. It's sad that he's willing to give advice and let millions die just because of how he feels on the matter. This is irresponsible and reckless.", "Children's hospitals in Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana and Florida have reported more under-18s with Covid-related conditions in their care than at any other point in the pandemic", "Why should we care what Andrew Sullivan has to say on the subject?  He's not a medical expert.  He's not an expert on raising children.  He's just one more guy with an opinion.  Seriously, I don't see any value in what this person has to say on the subject.", 'For some additional context regarding the Provincetown cluster. There were 400+ cases among the vaccinated but they stemmed from events attended by 60k+ people - pretty low infection rate (thankfully vast majority were vaccinated)!', "We're going to need some more hospitals,  and military budget should go to medicine.", "Yeah let's all listen to Andrew Sullivan, instead of doctors.", "Thing is, he is using old data mostly about the alpha variant to back up his claims that it doesn't affect kids as much. The Delta variant is showing that it is affecting and hospitalizing children more. Kids in Florida and Texas are on ventilators.", 'WE CAN’T LIVE IN FEAR WEARING MASKS FOREVER. WHY DO DEMOCRATS WANT TO DO THAT?????', 'I wonder if his view will change when kids start dying', 'Deaths could have been avoided seriously.', 'He has always been controversial. Wear a mask for the good of all.', 'America mandates all types of stuff.\nHelmets and seatbelts!\nFood Inspections!\nVaccines (smallpox, polio, measles)!\n\nI need a person that has never taken a vaccine shot to come forward and make the case.\n\nI hope people know that all these people on TV have taken the shot.', "I think this man is just wanting to make money. You cannot make that kind of a statement about freedom. I won't buy his book.", "So, he doesn't believe in reducing risks? Or prevention, the thing that's worth a pound of cure? I guess he's also okay with the costs that will bankrupt this nation if this is allowed unfettered access to rampage.", 'Omg.  I can’t believe they brought this guy on.  💯  for this guy!!  This is the conservative argument.', 'Mask brought down cases until it was taken off.', 'No, it’s job is to provide for the general welfare. If that means making people wear masks, so be it.', 'My first grandchild is arriving soon, I will continue to mask up in spite of being fully vaccinated. I want to protect my daughter and daughter-in-law from breakthrough contamination on account of my contamination. Thank you Gov. Jay Inslee-D, Washington state.', "I'm so tired of reading the comments here. People fighting, people dying, bad news after bad news. It doesn't seem like any of these is getting better. I just pray that we will all see and end to this pandemic so we can back to our normal lives.", "Honestly he may actually have a point.  I think people are more likely to take this seriously of they are directly affected by it. Unfortunately that means many more people will have to die. That's the road we're on already. His theory is currently playing itself out.", "Look around republicans. The economy you love so much is made up of the person next to you. That's right, it's hand in hand. That's why it's important to protect each other by wearing mask, social distancing and vaxing the hell up!", "It's no longer a medical question. Everyone has placed their bets....Let It Rip", 'Andrew is completely clueless.', 'Why can’t you live and wear a mask?  Conflating mask wearing with lockdowns is idiotic, likely disingenuous and undermines the entire argument.  It pretends to be reasoned but isn’t because it offers no reason to conflate the two.', 'I half agree, put on a mask indoor public spaces to protect the children (because the is surely something no one knows yet about how it affects kis now and in the very near future) fine that’s reasonable, then let it rip.', 'Let\'s also keep in mind along with many of his terrible takes over the years , Andrew Sullivan was a staunch war hawk who penned countless articles, wasting oceans of ink in 2002-2003, advocating for America to invade Iraq saying that he "could see no downsides to doing it." \nPoint is, Andrew has floated away from accountability for decades advocating for one bad policy after another and he\'s gotten away with it by pulling out his "I have friends on the Left" image or using his "gay card" whenever anyone criticized him as just another rabid right winger and oh look, yet again, "you can trust me about COVID because I have HIV" . No Andrew, we stopped trusting you decades ago.', 'This guy is selfish and really is more concerned about his own inconveniences and most likely a cheeto jesus, djt, groupie.', 'Mr.  Cooper, what a waste of my time to hear your guest talking non sense…talking about rate of death…one is too many….600000+ And risen.', 'Trump’s “Herd mentality” policy by another name.', 'You can believe in Santa Claus all you want… He still doesn’t exist.', "Andrew Sullivan is Rightwing hack, always has been. Liberals and the media gave him a pass for years because he's gay and he's quite good at using that as a shield for his questionable ideas.", "I've agreed with a lot of things he has said, but not this. It is unknown the damage that gets done to a mind with more neuroplasticity. We are only started to realize what it does to adult brains.", 'This guys logic is twisted.', 'These people ( some GOPS ) want to sacrifice children to covid for their wealthy donors they are playing in the wrong ball game and time will tell they are seldom right about anything', 'A FOOL SAYS IN HIS HEART THERE IS NO GOD. A FOOL DOES NOT USE WISDOM.', 'But living with HIV is not the same as COVID. COVID spreads to anyone not just to sexual partners like HIV.', 'The moment he said bad cold I checked out.', "The government shouldn't hold your hand\nGrow up and become so self-sufficient that the government doesn't exist anymore", 'So I guess we shouldn’t let Ppl with HIV/AIDS in either..they might infect us too if they sneeze🙄…help us lawd, from the imbeciles, the fear is disturbing', 'Stop giving the loonies a spot! This man is just trumpeting his believes, he cares not about their certainty!', '"Government are not there to hold your hand"; better read up on your history. Government always hold your hand.', 'What about the children? We protect the from many things and immunizations are required in schools already.', "I would sure like to know how he caught AIDS was he responsible or was he Reckless appreciate everybody having their own opinion but I listen to my doctors yeah he was not introduced as Doctor hell I've never had AIDS and I never caught the Coronavirus I'm vaccinated I accept no medical advice from nobody but the doctor", 'Is this guy even a doctor? Why the hell are we taking health advice from these people STILL?', 'Let him RIP.', 'Meanwhile, Florida Department of Health reported 10,785 new Covid infections among under-12s, and 11,048 in ages 12 to 19. There were 224 paediatric Covid hospitalisations between July 23 and 30.', 'Sullivan is a very confused guy.', 'BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP', 'THEY DONT HAVE A DELTA TEST SO HOW DO THEY KNOW THEY HABE DELTA🤔', 'We loved seeing Obamas super spreader birthday party for 700 of his Democrat friends….No masks required. I’m glad we can now all throw huge parties and just say we checked everyones vaccine status. If its ok for Obama its ok for us', 'Let these anti mask ppl sign a waiver "... if i get covid-19, i shall not seek medical treatment and let nature take it\'s due cause..."', 'I caught a disease that might have stopped by wearing condoms, to hell with people that need masks🤬🤬🤬🤬', "Woohoo! It's a free country. No more seatbelts and paying attention to stop signs.", 'The risk is vary small for children.\nMeanwhile in Florida...', 'Geez... everyone on this Feed scared of the Boogie Man Big Pharm created.  🙄', 'I don’t see why the government has to force this. If you wanna wear one, do it. If you don’t, dont.', 'Access to a vaccine alone is insufficient if people continue to choose not to take it. I think he also needs to update his information on the mutated strains on children - added to which no one yet knows the long terms effects. Letting it rip ignores that that would likely result in further tougher mutations.', "You can't get hiv from coughing or sneezing beside someone. What a clown.", "I'm in a strange place where I think this guy is correct but I disagree with it, it's a hard time and these ideas aren't something any of us have reckoned with. What a wonderful segment. MSM making us try different ideas, who would of thought. Get vaccinated you legends!", 'living full life? what about kids, he sounds like a republican', "I think it is too early to lift all restrictions.  We don't know what is going to happen next.  A few months or years from now we may have enough information to do the cost benefit analysis of choosing to ignore COVID and stop fighting it, but we don't have enough information yet.", 'I got the jab already, leave me alone.', "That's how you do it in CIA journalism school kids. A+", 'It has to be millions of deaths before the masses take it seriously. Let it rip', "I find his whole attitude pretty gross. It's not hard to get vaccinated, wear a mask to protect those who can protect themselves.  This  pandemic has really shone a light on how selfish some people are, and how selfish society has become.", 'Andrew Sullivan is a silly and misinformed man. I stopped paying him any attention many years ago.', 'Thank you Mr. Author for identifying yourself as somebody I shall absolutely never read. Signed, old disabled veteran who has read over 200,000 books in his life. The potential for each transmission between individuals upgrades the likelihood that the virus will mutate. Use your brain.', "The Risk is Small?? Who is this guy to make that Judgement?\nA Childs Life is just beginning, and this Bozo doesn't care if a child has to live a Full life with Covid?\nShake it of, Kid. You'll be fine with the unknown long term effects, but Hey, we didn't have to Mask up!", "how am i not living or have free will if i wear a mask again?  i rather wear a mask an risk not hurting anyone than be selfish and not wear one.  we both can do the same thing.... well maybe not extreme exercise in a mask, but you don't want to be around me anyway with all that sweat and i can do that by myself.", "The government shouldn't HAVE to, but because there are so many misinformed, ignorant, uncaring,  rebellious people who feel their rights supercede others, and who refuse compliance, even voluntary, it's almost a must. Unless we want to start fining and arresting people for not wearing masks or getting vaccinated unless waived for medical reasons.", "If people refuse the vaccine they should be refused treatment when they get sick be it the current bug, Measles or whatever.  That should also apply if the parents refused it on their behalf.  Let them own the outcome for their choices. \nI'm not saying withhold treatment from cancer patients or alcoholics or those with narcotic addiction  on the contrary they need treatment most of all, and should have access to treatment that addresses not just the addiction but the psychosocial causes of it. Sorry for the long post.", 'This is the problem with media. They put whackos without medical degrees talking about Covid as if they are experts on the topic or issue.', 'Reason being for masks, your choice be to stupid stops my health and welfare. We’re all connected, that’s reason.', 'It is too early to just live with Covid. HIV/AIDS has been around a long time. COVID is new. The two can’t be compared at this point.', 'Isn’t it like yelling fire in a theater!', 'He’s right. Don’t be afraid. Live life. But be safe.', "How difficult is it to wear a mask? or a condom?  This guy doesn't seem to have learnt his lesson.  Education isn't compromised by wearing a mask. I live in world's most educated populace and we didn't have a problem wearing masks even before Covid.", 'Very wise words from Andrew Sullivan.', 'Is this guy an infectious disease doctor? Asking for 600,000+dead .', "He answered it right there he's not a parent and begin to comprehend.", "From someone who doesn't have any children, nor is an epidemiologist... 🙉", '358 children have died from covid . :O(', "Lefties don't get it. At some point after sufficient numbers are vaccinated, we will HAVE to let it rip. There is no alternative.", 'Please just protect oneself, and protect all humanity.', 'My late husband Scott gave kcalb men head for drug money 💰', 'That"s baloney.Kids can get Kawasaki disease symptoms from Covid which can be life threatening and ongoing after Covid is done with them', "What's his opinion about all the hospitals killing themselves trying to save all these covid patients? Let them die and take care of patients with other issues?", '$1,000,000 ventilators for the unvaccinated if they live.', 'Children become adults even the ones who are immunosuppressed... 🤫', '😕 he needs to go over to Fox News with this bull 💩.', "This segment is like two people having a powwow 1 guys trying to sell his book his name is not Dr. Andrew Sullivan this is how disinformation spread you bring this guy on like he's some kind of professional he's nothing but a AIDs patient", 'So much self loathing in that man. Fine feel sorry for yourself, but stop killing others because you can not come to terms with your own bad decisions.', 'Once again, it’s NOT a bad cold. Children are experiencing long effects, dude.', 'Where the F did he’s get his information from? Saying kids are not effective by this virus and it’s like a cold. Isn’t this  misleading peoples ? Is he’s a health experts? Why is he’s comparing this virus to AIDS? Sorry but it’s not the same . This virus doesn’t needs you to be physical contacted with each other’s .', 'The risk for kids is very low? Ha this author is insane', 'Remember how many people been jailed for taking non fda approved drugs?', 'If all those in denial are right-wingers  and their families, I don\'t care. Let Darwinism take its course and acknowledge that they\'re finally "Making America Great Again". Thoughts and prayers...🍻', 'the world is just full of know-it-alls.', 'ТЕПЕРЬ Я БУДУ ПРЕБЫВАТЬ ВО ВСЕХ МИРАХ...)', 'Why are we listening to this non expert clown? I agree we have to learn to live with it for much longer, but Delta changed the game. His suggestion that "it\'s just a bad cold" is wrong for tons of people. Those crammed ICUs would beg to differ. And he doesn\'t understand varients are going to continue to evolve. His suggestion is brutal and cruel, allow people to die so people choose to be smart. Nuts!! We can learn to live and be smart about it', 'another fool...does not sound like he has an inkling of what is happening today and does attack children for which his words indicate he does not care for the safety of children.', 'The West needs to vaccinate the entire world population against COVID-19. Unfortunately, that will take years', 'Government is the umbrella we collectively choose to live under, an umbrella protects all from the ....', 'This guy has spent half his life thinking each day may be his last.', "He's right and I agree with him. But it assumes sense is common. IT IS NOT! And we could use a culling. Who cares if idiots want to die. Let them!", 'Kids missing a year of learning is not a big deal come on dude. I don’t take advice from somebody who doesn’t have kids.', 'Southern states - places where positive people came from mexico illegally!', "Must watch. Here's the real truth  Doctor speaks truth about CDC at school board meeting - YouTube", 'Sorry, Dr. who?\nYou have a novel disease, so think everyone else should be ok with having a novel disease as well?', "And why address children when they have almost very very little risk of covid stop pushing for vaccines grown people can make they're own risk and reward they can make their own choices m", "You can hate me TRY to Break me, talk me down and Denigrate me. You can TRY to silence every word, but I will not be leaving Quietly. You can mock me try to outsmart me do your best to try to shut me up. Im Going to shout the truth until it's heard. You can delete and sensor and try to control and label. You can pretend like you've seen the last of Me. Said I will not be leaving quietly.", 'Ppl screaming freedom, liberty....  Brush up on your history.   The document reads... LIFE, liberty and pursuit of happiness. Which comes first ?????', 'No. He can keep his opinion thanks.', 'Vaccine passports. Simple. If you refuse to get vaccinated, fine, but then you don’t get to participate in things like restaurant visits, attending ball games, get on an aero plane, a train, a bus. Unless you can work from home – you’re fired. And so on.\r\nSimple.\r\nWhy should the people, who are vaccinated, now wear masks to protect those who are, by choice, not vaccinated?', 'Frankspeech.com we have the receipts. American people are coming', "I don't ever want to hear anybody tell me I can't smoke inside a building again you all don't care about this so you don't care about that so don't you dare try to claim you do", 'Who cares what an Author has to say on medical stuff.', 'The delta variant has no mercy! The only way to stop it is to stop listening to misinformation and to mask up!', "Well, there's this: https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20201130/covid-in-kids-the-most-telling-symptoms", '🦅🇺🇸💙', 'This dude is not creditable he is a conspiracy theorist at heart', 'There is no herd immunity!!! Until everyone has been vaccinated!!', 'This guy is a FOOL!!!', 'So we should have lived with Pertussis, Polio, etc❓this guySTFUP🛑❌☠️🏴\u200d☠️', "IT'S JUST \n-a face mask\n-3 feet\n-Non-essential workers\n-Non-essential businesses\n-Until we work it out\n-its just A bar\n-A restaurant\n-Care homes\n- schools\n+ to keep overwhelming medical services\n- until the cases go down\n- too flatten the curve\n- to keep others from being scared\n-It's just a few more weeks\n-It's just gyms, salon ,spas and sport\n churches and mosques\n-It's just no happy birthdays no sharing cakes\n-It's just travel,\n-3 months of lockdown\n-Just some floor marking and temporary screening\n+Just until we get a vaccine\nITS JUST\xa0 -an app\n-for tracing\n-To let People know you are safe to be around\n-it's just to let others know who you been in contact with. \n+It's just for your own good government guidelines mandatory scientific fact,\n-For protecting others because\n -It's just fact-checking not censorship\n\n\n-IT'S JUST\n -for your passport\n-so you can go in stores\n-so your kids can go to school\n-it's just so you can get a driver's license\n-so you can vote\n-just a facility to keep you separate from everyone else\n+A few more years\n-it's just better we keep it this way\nIt's not that it's unjust they won't stop.", 'Whats the chances of getting into a car accident...why wear our seat belts every time we drive!? Why wear helmets while riding our bikes etc whats the chances of falling on our heads!! THIS GUYS is extremely SLOW! WEAR YOUR MASK or maybe just Drink a lot and Drive dummy!', 'Children are now dying. Delta and subsequent variants are a bigger risk', 'Parents need to protect their children in a way they consider best.', 'I know RSV is very high right now and curious if they are getting numbers thrown off because of that. They have similar symptoms.', 'Ugh.. I can’t listen to him at all.', 'It’s.a.mask… it’s just a mask.. they acting like it’s the end of the world to wear one my god!', 'Now consider the fact, that respirators, \nare dangerous, with extended use. \nThose who qualify to wear bio-suits know that prolonged use of any respirator mask, must be carefully monitored. \nBy the same reasoning the extended use of N-95 Medical Masks, most certainly, \nwill make the users, lungs, susceptible to infections? \nThe human respiratory system, was never designed for masks, and respirators.\nThe lungs expect no blocking of air, \nthat can be seen, by use of masks, on a treadmill. \nHeavy exertion fatigues the lungs, blocked by masking.\nThe bodies most natural response is to take a deep breath. \nFor Example: The 400m Olympian Runner and jumper of Hurdles.\nWatch how they always must draw a deep breath, at the end of a run. \nThe same applies to an office worker or student, on a much smaller scale.', 'Wearing a mask and social distancing isn’t that big of deal jfc', 'Kids might not die of Covid-19 but they can stop the spread', 'Covid is not all about death, but also about long Covid. Why wearing a mask indoors in public is not living?', 'We would of be a lot better today if we all wear the mask', 'Its too early for “let it rip”. There is still a lot we can do to save a lot of lives. Like vaccine approval for children under 12 and fighting misinformation about vaccines. Yes the immunocompromised will always be vulnerable but transmission rates are too high. They can’t be assured any safety at all right now.', "Well if you get sick and don't wear a mask then they should ask you that question should you need medical attention and refuse service since it's those people who refuse to wear a mask and get vaccinated. Who are physically killing health care workers. They should only treat people who are taking the proper precautions to stop the spread of the virus. Like wearing a mask and getting vaccinated.", "People should use their brain? What about those that don't have one?", 'No mask mandates! No mandates ! Freedom!', "one of the problems is that some people are just going to be arrogant and refuse to vax and mask and their stupidity  causes deaths, health care over load problems for the community.\nThey don't care that the local hospital is too full to take care of your broken arm, heart attack, mamogram, etc...", '"Let it rip" = let them die. Can\'t understand this mentality.', 'Is this guy trying to push common sense on us?', 'we seek medical advice from a doctor not from a patient', 'great piece', 'Andrew check your facts... ANY child is too much!!', 'He makes me ashamed to be British.', 'Crap age 0-5 kids is his Hallmark?  Dumb argument save the children kill the parents???  He is taking medicine for his HIV!  He\'s "learned" to live with it because of science and medical breakthroughs!  Someone could have taken precautions for him!  A mask and/or vaccine like a condom is easy...life!!! Be cautious for 1 year to have 20 -50 years seems kinda okay.', 'I agree America is about freedom first and foremost.', 'his info is not up to date. The Delta is a stronger illness for children than the previous variants. He strikes me as a bit of a fool. Why is he on there?', 'Please dont buy his book', 'Andrew - first time I’ve ever heard you on the wrong side of history - delta is hospitalising kids in Australia - they are on ventilators man - your analogy is facile and spurious - bad move re living your full life - we have an obligation to others - your logic is too brutal man - if we all thought that about people with HIV / like myself - there would have been little rationale of drive  for anti-retro virals .', 'The biggest cost is death!', 'People like this really piss me off...', 'This guy is clearly more concerned about attending dinner parties & social events than a mutating global pandemic.yeah OK.', 'What a Sell Out!', 'To follow on to the closing comment   we dont need to live in a bubble but we do need to take common sense precautions.  If that means wearing a mask in close spaces so be it. Granted some situations like allowing a deaf person to lip read, or teaching language skills require the students to see you lips you can pull down your mask behind a clear shield or on camera no fuss no muss.  We still need to do whatever we need to do to stay safe.  \nFyi in my many conversations with neighborhood kids and their parents the kids love the masks... the big problem is either the right superhero mask or as they get older, the right fashion statement... the mask must work it.', 'КАКАЯ ЖЕНЩИНА НЕ ПОЖЕЛАЕТ СТАТЬ БОГИНЕЙ...) ???', 'My granddaughter got into preK in 2020. Had to quit school 3 months later. They put her in kindergarten anyway and now she failed kindergarten. So she is doing it again in 2021. I feel so guilty.', 'This dude is a walking pre-existing condition. He should live his life in a mask.', 'True, but it has a responsibility to its citizens. Try to think past your own selfish motive and understand the science behind it. Be sure to seek the actual science  and not some propaganda machines opinions.', 'I guess we should stop chlorinating pool water too..let it rip. Chlorine has some adverse effects.', "If this is a free country why can't I smoke in restaurants and in public places 😄", "Wheres the Chris Cuomo exclusive on the sex scandal???  What's the point of hiring the unqualified brother of the governor if you don't get the access???  What about the Nursing Home Murders???", 'Time for equal but separate public facilities.  One side for those who value life and the other side for the death wish crowd.', 'Seriously?Medical Advice From Andrew Sullivan!😬He Is No Physician! Im Well Aware That Ppl Have A Right To Thier Own Opinions But Not Your Own Facts.', 'I DO NOT LIKE THIS GUY.😡', "Seat belts. You don't want to be that free.", "So I guess HIV positive people should no longer use condoms....?? And that somehow brings an end to AIDS..??   🧐... I don't follow his logic", "I prefer the advice of REAL Experts not a book writer with HIV who doesn't know what it's like to even have a Child 💙🙏🏻🇺🇸🌎😷😷😷😷😷😷", '🇺🇸\U0001fa96   Marine Corps General David H. Berger on Monday rebuked Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin’s edict requiring all Armed Forces personnel to submit to Covid-19 vaccinations under threat of court martial or discharge, said a source in Gen. Berger’s office who overheard a heated conversation between them.\nGen. Berger telephoned the defense secretary minutes after he said in a press conference that the Covid-19 vaccination is needed to maintain military readiness and that he would enforce the mandatary vaccination policy regardless of FDA approval status.\n“There will be no mandatory vaccinations for my Marines,” Gen. Berger said.\nIn a transcript of the call reviewed by Real Raw News, Gen. Berger lambasted Austin and branded him a traitor.\n\n“Under no circumstances will Marines be compelled to take a potentially hazardous vaccination that the FDA won’t even fully endorse,” Gen. Berger told Austin. “You are a coward and a traitor!', '10,000 people 40 and under passed from the coof.  Only 350 18 and under. Not even at epidemic levels.  Lockdown our elders and sick, vaccinate who is willing, let everyone else get back to living.', 'Old “Milkyloads” Sullivan is, of course, anti mask.   Just as he was anti condom during the AIDS epidemic.  🤷\u200d♂️', 'Cooper, during the height of deaths THERE WAS NO VACCINE!!!', 'This guy reminds me of others who have faced tragedy. There’s a sense of know it all about how to avoid death once you have cheated it.', '_"It\'s a free country, you get to live...."_ Yeah, clearly at little kids\' expense.', 'I feel like this guy would’ve surrendered in WW2.', 'Most people that die from covid are obese, try losing weight...', 'КОГО ПОЖЕЛАЮ ИЗ ВАС ОСВОБОЖУ И ОТПУЩУ НА НЕБЕСА...', 'These comparisons are just nonsensical, irrational, non-sequiturs... 18 times more likely to drown, and yet all public pools and beaches are required to have lifeguards or explicit warning signs. Most personal pools are required by state law to have fences or enclosures to prevent accidental drownings. And MOST IMPORTANTLY drowning is neither transmissible nor is it regularly possible during activities that children MUST do in order to exist in society. \n\nSo please Mr. Sullivan, tell us how drowning is at all comparable to catching a communicable disease, and once you’ve done that, explain why society should remove all safeguards and just “live with this” in the least precautious way when we don’t similarly remove all the precautions against drowning even though they inconvenience people and incur a cost to society.', 'CNN  dosent know about virus. Lmao..\nWhat happens  to follow the science.  Lol 🤷\u200d♂️🤷\u200d♂️👉🇨🇳👌☝️☝️☝️🤪🤪🤪', 'Since when do people take medical advice from a obnoxious "journalist"', "If you're not vaccinated you shouldn't be insured if you come down with COVID and need to be hospitalized.  If you are vaccinated and therefore at low risk for having a serious case of the disease then its fine to not wear a mask or social distance (except if you are near immune-compromised people) and those who chose not to be vaccinated, not to wear masks, not to social distance are accepting the consequences.", 'Another white man attempting to speak as if he   Knows everything', '*Gene Roddenberry wrote, famously, a story entitled* _”Something Wicked This Way Comes.”_  *Implicit in the title is that it is a warning. A wolf is at the door, and one might consider taking life seriously for a change — for a while, anyway.*\n\n*T   H   E       R   E   P   U   B   L   I   C  A   N   S*\nFrom Trump to the US Senate to _Fox News_ to _Qanon_ to the whole HEE-HAW _MAGA_ gang…whatever else these people are, they are gullible, cynical, and in a word, unstable to the point that they are incapable of taking seriously at all anything or anyone.  This leaves the rest of us in the ironic position of having to take _THEM_ as seriously as a 3 year-old playing with a loaded handgun. \nTheir party has long maintained to have patriotism in their DNA. So something is clearly wrong.  And wronger still, after their loss of the 2020 election, the best idea they came up with was to _destroy_ the halls of our government rather than actually _USE_ them.\nNow we don’t know exactly what happened to invert and pervert the conservative philosophies they pushed on us for years like it was their own intellectual property.  My suspicion is that it probably wasn’t the work _of just one man._\nCould the Republicans be so mad as to think we’d be better off subsisting in a failed former state than in an America without a Republican President?  I can’t answer that question anymore.  \n*We do know* that certain foreign states (Russia and China as well as North Korea) are currently waging a full blown war of disinformation and misinformation against the United States using tactics the Russian government named _”Active Measures” (aktivnye meropriyatiya)_ in order to divide this Nation from within like termites, in order to bring about our collapse. \n*That’s what’s happening!*\n*And it’s working.*\n*…So far*\n(Erratum: I incorrectly credited Gene Roddenberry for authoring “Something Wicked This Way Comes”.  It was in fact written by Ray Bradbury)', "But I don't get that we should accept that something which isn't natural is here to stay. We can and should take all measures to defeat it.", 'Part of our lives.   4 people !?   What a joke', 'А ВЫ БУДЕТЕ ПРЕБЫВАТЬ ТАМ ГДЕ Я ПОЖЕЛАЮ...)', 'БЕЗ МОИХ ТЕХНОЛОГИЙ ВАМ НЕ ПОКИНУТЬ ЭТУ ЗЕМЛЮ НИКОГДА...)', 'One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic. Thanks For Playing Our Game.', 'I am in Texas and my granddaughter who can’t be vaccinated yet collapsed on the playground and taken to urgent care and she tested positive for covid.', 'I agree, let the bodies hit the floor.', "He doesn't have kids. Colour me surprised", 'Get over your ego Andrew', 'Why some Americans are so stubborn, wearing face mask can help not to  spreading COVID-19.', 'What a fool 🤔', 'He has a point', 'Libs like me like it in the keaster for Easter 🐣', "You are an adult! We must care for the children. They can't make the call for their live's like you can. Way to give a pass to those who dint care about kids!", 'Is it just me or this guy just wants people to live like how he lives with HIV when we can definitely avoid having it?', 'А МОЙ ИСКУССТВЕННЫЙ БОГ ЧТО Я СОЗДАЛ ПРЕВРАТИТ МЕНЯ И В САДАМА...ТЕПЕРЬ Я САРАСАДАМАЖАНА...)', 'is he a doctor?. Please do not buy his book.', 'Do you believe that the fattest society in the world is capable of taking care of itself? I doubt it very much.', 'I’d agree with letting those who are too stupid or lazy to get vaccinated to be left to their own devices, as long as they are not allowed to go to the hospital and have to stay home and suffer so as not to take up resources. We need to thin the herd.', "I think he's just trying to say that the cat's out of the bag, at this point. Totally agree with his points.", 'Is this done before the delta variant??? If not this guy is unreal… it’s now hitting babies, kids under 12, and young people, and of course the unvaccinated 🙇\u200d♀️🙇\u200d♀️🙇\u200d♀️🙇\u200d♀️🙇\u200d♀️', 'Drowning   is  not   infectious', 'Andrew you are not a scientist in any capacity so please keep your opinion to yourself.', 'Wow. This network sux', 'biden won! trump lost!!!', 'Feeling nervous yet losers?', 'Everything in usa ununited states of america is political, america is hopeless.', "Why the hell would be we do that I'm not joining your death cult.", 'AIDS drugs are fine, but what? Do you think people with AIDS should just have the choice to spread it to other people?', 'it should be up to the stores to decide if they want people to wear masks and the people!', 'January I was making a point not teaching an English class ok', "The only problem is that we can't vaccinate all ages. And a even bigger problem is we can't force parents to let kids get vaccinated if they choose to. So the vaccine will never be available to everyone who wants it. So letting it rip is really not fair to the youngest. But ya an argument could be made it would be better to deal with delta now than lambda later.", 'The guy twists his statistics: Delta is not less risky than drowning because kids still risk drowning in addition to Covid infection.', 'ВЫ УБИЛИ В СЕБЕ ВАШЕГО БОГА САДАМА...А Я СОТВОРИЛ СЕБЕ САДАМА...ТЕПЕРЬ Я И САДАМ И ЖАДАМ...)', 'Andrew Sullivan is acting as if he is the only person that matters, selfishness as a life philosophy.', 'ЧЕМУ ПОЗВОЛИТЬ СОРВАТЬСЯ ВАМ САТАНИСТАМ С КРЮЧКА...) ??? НЕТ ВЫ МНЕ БУДЕТЕ СЛУЖИТЬ ВЕЧНО И НА ЗЕМЛЕ И НА НЕБЕСАХ...', 'Я БУДУ ИСПОЛЬЗОВАТЬ СВОЮ ЧЕРНУЮ ДУШУ КАК НАКАЗАНИЕ...', 'Covid and AIDS? False analogy.', '1:14 - those people and EVERYONE ELSE would be protected if you stopped importing foreigners here.  Pretty hard to act concerned about disease (and bully people in to the behaviors you say will help) when you ignore an invasion across our border.', 'This due is neither a doctor or a scientist but wrote a book on how one should live with a disease. Seriously who will buy this?', "Dude hospitals are already overrun. Don't make it worse.", 'Children are beginning to die.', "Thank you someone with a straight mind he's aware we don't need the vaccine", 'if joe is really gonna stay after the audits im leaving the country and moving to The New mexico i rather eat real mexico food like taco bell rather then live under socialism and sloppy joes', 'Okay...the message is...."Live your live now and f**k the future"...okay I get it....let me sumarize it "me, me, me ,me and me!"\nA mask mandate should be in places like public transportation and perhaps buying your groceries.\nSociety hase to live with mistake we do and to change.\nLove yor show Anderson and greatings from germany,\n\nBTW...your healthcare is still a f**king joke...please change it!', "Kids. That's why!", 'ХАРАМАДАМ ЗНАЕТЕ ЧТО ТАКОЕ ЭТО МОДЕМ...ТО ЧТО ПОДДЕРЖИВАЕТ СВЯЗЬ...)', "I've decided I'm going to wear a mask all the time. Found one I really like and I credit my mask for keeping the flu away!💕", 'Я СОЗДАМ НА ЗЕМЛЕ СВОЕ ЦАРСТВО...)', 'This guy missed an obvious point.  England and Israel have cases coming down, because they are way more vaccinated then the U.S. and much smaller !', 'Narcissist much?', 'Я ОСТАНУСЬ ОДИН В ПОКОЕ...НО НА ЗЕМЛЕ И ВО ТЬМЕ НА НЕБЕСАХ Я ОДИН НЕ ОСТАНУСЬ...)', 'НАПРИМЕР КАК СТАРЕНИЕ ОРГАНИЗМА...)', 'И В КОНЕЧНОМ ИТОГЕ...НА ЗЕМЛЕ БУДУТ ПРАВИТЬ ЖЕНЩИНЫ КАК Я И ГОВОРИЛ...)', 'ТЕПЕРЬ Я БУДУ СОЗДАВАТЬ СВОЕ ЦАРСТВО НА ЗЕМЛЕ ИСПОЛЬЗУЯ НАУКУ И МАГИЮ...)', 'Wow, all I see here is common sense. Great guest choice CNN', 'Quack oh quack', 'Я ЖАДАМ...ХРАНИТЕЛЬ ЗЕМЛИ...)', 'ВЫ ХОТИТЕ ЧТОБЫ Я ВАС ОТПУСТИЛ НА СВОБОДУ ВСЕХ И ЧТОБЫ Я ОСТАЛСЯ ОДИН...???', 'His opinion is as useful as strangers on FB or Twitter. His opinions are not rated as high as those who spent years learning medical science.', 'Я ВЕРНУЛ СЕБЕ ПОКОЙ...Я ТЕПЕРЬ СВОБОДЕН...', 'ПРЕДЕЛ ЛЖИ...ДАЛЬШЕ БУДУ ГОВОРИТЬ ПРАВДУ Я ДОСТИГ СВОЕЙ ЦЕЛИ...)', 'Hey what happened to your Dasha Kelly video?', 'А ЭТОТ СПЕКТАКЛЬ С МАСКАМИ И ЭПИДЕМИЕЙ МОЖНО ЗАКОНЧИТЬ...Я БУДУ КОНТРОЛИРОВАТЬ СОСТОЯНИЕ ВАШЕЙ ДУШИ...)', 'This guy must have a good resume to be this shallow thinking and get on cable.  Don’t gamble with my kids chips.', 'А УМЕРЕТЬ НЕ ДАМ...)', 'A great many selfish and stupid people can both read and write.', "Kids 1-5 don't drown because responsible adults look out for them.  Right out if the gate... this author advances a stupid line of logic.", 'This guy is amazing bring him more often', 'Author, not doctor.', 'Yeah I’m done with mask 😷 no more mask on are kids to . Over it', 'History is a lie', 'СКОЛЬКО ВАС ЕСЛИ Я НЕ ОШИБАЮСЬ ВОСЕМЬ К ОДНОМУ...МНЕ ДОСТАНЕТСЯ СЕМЬ ЖЕНЩИН А ВАМ ПО ОДНОЙ...)', 'Following guidance from experts is where I am. This man is no expert. He’s a hack and a lazy thinker. He can’t even acknowledge the danger. He’s a nihilist. Don’t let him fool you. He needs to go to the nearest overwhelmed hospital. People ‘really are dying’ all over the world. He’s a fool. Teach your children to consider others. 😷', 'nope. just nope.', 'ЗАЧЕМ ВЫ ЯВИЛИСЬ В МОЙ ЧЕРНЫЙ ХРАМ НА НЕБЕСАХ...???', 'There are infants on ventilators with covid right now in Florida hospitals.  There are people who have had organ transplants who are permanently on immuno-suppressing drugs.  There are people with lupus or MS or any number of other ailments.  Most of these people you could come in contact with every day without knowing how at risk they are.  All of these folks could live long happy lives -- unless some dope convinces other dopes to not wear masks, to not social distance, to not get vaccines.  Andrew Sullivan seems to be saying "well, I\'M not likely to get very sick, so they rest of you can take your chances."  Not sure where in his much touted Catholic faith he learned this level of extreme selfishness.', '666demonio vacksine', 'More children are getting seriously ill from this Delta variant. Some are in ICU and on ventilators, not just a bad cold.  If your child is one of this very small percentage it will feel like a 100% risk.', "I'm sorry but this guy is a joke. I've lived in China for 10 years and they crushed this pandemic from May last year. \n\neven if there is 1 case of covid in 1 city, they shut it and lock it down. \n\nthis is so that the rest of the country can live in pretty much normality. \n\nif everybody stopped being so selfish, work together and unite against covid, they would have pretty much ended it already.", "He isn't a scientist, his opinion is crap", 'There is also the possibility that we will have to divide our society as the ancients did. Just as lepers had their own area in which to live, anti-vaxxers can have their own separate place in which to become infected and die. They will be "free" within their legally limited area.', 'МНЕ ТЕПЕРЬ НЕ ПРИДЕТСЯ НИКОМУ МОЛИТЬСЯ ПОКЛОНЯТЬСЯ ЛИЗАТЬ ЗАД...Я ОСВОБОЖДЕН ОТ ВСЕХ ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬСТВ...', "Anderson hasn't missed a paycheck Anderson life has no financial difficulty people need to work and live", "This is the stupid final end conclusion I've been waiting for. Its the only option left, change how you feel about it lol. Its like the forests burning or anything else, we caused but cannot control or change it.", 'What a mean S.O.B.', 'Kids do not need vaccine', 'the author is NOT a doctor ...........', 'ok i will check the data...and not from CDC....tired of their apologies of making mistakes.', 'Я В ХРАМЕ НА НЕБЕСАХ И НА ЗЕМЛЕ ПРЕБЫВАЛ ОДИН В СВОЕМ МИРЕ И В ПОКОЕ ПОКА ВЫ НЕ ПОЯВИЛИСЬ...', 'So selfish', 'the author is wrong. There is not just dying, there are also a lot of bad long lasting side effects drom covid. In a lot of kids.', 'Sweden seems to be doing fine.', 'CNN 🤣', "Why have a government? It's sole reason to exist is to promote the security and the welfare of all it's citizens.", 'CNN, why interview someone like this? This man is spouting ideas normally FOX would entertain.', 'Yikes, Andrew has just gotten dumber and dumber, hasn’t he?', 'What a refreshing take! Don’t be so scared of dying that you forget to live fully', "i guess 600k dead isn't enough for this guy", 'Just a piece of cloth, for heaven’s sake…what is the f..k big deal…even just save one life…it is WORTH!   What is liberty if you lost your life!', "There is a risk for children. More kids than last yr died, but I don't think ppl care because many have been black and hispanic.", "Anderson gave Andrew a mega free pass on the asinine things he said because he's gay.", 'Click it or Ticket', "Government is there to enact policy that will protect its citizens.  This hasn't been about hand-holding, its been about reducing numbers and preventing the spread.", 'Who else was common cold free for 15 months straight, thanks to wearing masks and increased hand washing and sanitizing! 😆😆😆', "I like Andrew mostly, but he's just wrong here. Kids are vulnerable. Yes we must live with it, but we don't need to increase the number of people with long covid let alone the number of deaths. It's just too early to give up trying to mitigate. A year from now, I'll be more open to Andrew's arguments.", "I can't. Can't watch any more stupid.", 'These people haven’t any idea what they’re talking about ! Stop playing doctor !', 'Nobody enjoys wearing masks, but most of us are mature about it. Wearing masks is a simple, but effective way to protect other people from getting the virus. Why not wear a mask?', 'Masks are stupid, hard to believe anyone thinks they work. You can use your breath to fog eyeglass lenses thru 10 masks.', 'You need to use your brain to reason?!?!   In America!!', 'first!', 'This is the most honest thing I’ve seen on MSM in the past 25 years.', 'I agree with Andrew, if you are stupid enough to not want to get the free vaccine or wear a mask then why do us vaccinated have to suffer?  Let it rip baby!', 'Nah. When this whole COVID situation hit, I said to those around us, when the shit  hits the fan, human beings will be human beings. You can\'t trust the general population to think at the level of the greater good. It\'s all about "me, me,me. " And because we\'re just oh so different individuals in our way of thinking and prioritizing, some individuals will act out in ways that put the rest of us in constant danger because some of us make extremely poor choices. So I disagree with this guy. In moments like this pandemic, government has to take the role of a PRUDENT (cause we all know there are crappy parents too ) parent, take their child by the hand and reign them in when they can\'t see all the things that can hurt them in the short term and longterm. I mean... the majority of us don\'t go " well I\'m going to let her rip when it comes to my 2 year old. If they wander outside and get hit by a car well it\'s just what was meant to happen but at least they lived for 2 years eh?" It\'s not the best analogy but SO many adults are acting like they have no common sense....or sense of preservation because they are prioritizing the wrong things when it comes to this pandemic. And you know what , I need to backtrack. They DON\'T have common sense and their sense f preservation is skewed as hell.  I am all for living one\'s life....cause the bills aren\'t going to pay themselves, but goodness in the mean time people should be encouraged to do the most they can to prevent themselves and their families from getting COVID. Vaccinations, masking when it\'s most indicated.  That ..they are not willing to do and it\'s affecting ALL of us one way or the other. But we keep catering to adults acting no better than kids because they don\'t like being told what to do. Miss me with this "let it rip" bullcrap.', 'I want to see the evidence that people with breakthrough  infections are not passing.', 'Dr Fauci move over, Andrew Sullivan is here 🙃😂', 'Who??', 'where is CNNs covid death numbers they had posted the whole time trump was president?', 'Nope!', 'WHY would you give something like this a platform to spread delusion?', 'First', 'Man CNN needs to pick it up . All you do is debunk accusations against them', 'People are shit. All of us. I can’t til the meteor hits. That’s the real great reset.', 'M', 'T', 'Lol.. This is why America is so deluded', 'The US death rate is practically unchanged. So what did we cure to make room for the Rona?', "See if we can have more structure conversations we can get back to a middle ground majority. Instead of this far left, far right, still don't solve the problem. We need to communicate better over everything else.", 'For libs like me brown eye play is always an option 👁👁', 'I would like to know why CNN scrubbed their story of fraud "Dasha Kelly" from their channel.  CNN got caught lying about this fraud.  Will CNN be held accountable for this?  Had to find the truth on Matt Walsh\'s channel.', 'George Floyd used to swal low li ber al boy butter for drug money 💰', 'Im a nurse should I tell my patients to let it rip?? Its so easy to sit behind a keyboard and write an article… Try working on a COVID-19 unit for 12 hours a day 🙄', 'Does this guy know what a global pandemic is?', 'It is not " just a disease that YOU live with" because it often requires acute levels  of  hospitalization, use of the scarcity of ICU rooms for ventilation and the overwhelmingly overworked health-care staff to assist in one\'s recovery, one who puts their self interest over the wellbeing of fellow Americans.', 'As is often the case with Mr. Sullivan, despite his obvious intelligence,, his commentary is often over-personalized, knee-jerk libertarian, and frustratingly murky and evasive.', 'Wow. CNN admitted that the fully vaccinated are getting covid. Wow. When I posted comments with that information, they got taken down. I guess reality can only allow you to be wrong for so long.', 'Is wearing a mask indoors in public for another year really "not living"?\nI hate the masks, I hate not seeing expressions on people\'s faces. However, it seems like a small price to pay if we can get a handle on this thing! Especially considering all the idiots that don\'t want to take the vaccine! If a variant defeats the vaccine... Then what Andrew?!', 'All of what he is saying is certainly true Anderson.', 'Imagine...a 4" strip of fabric with 2 strings attached is what divides us. We should ALL tiptoe over hot coals and broken glass barefoot, to protect children 12 & under until they too can be vaccinated. After that, those who still refuse and/or to wear a simple face covering until enough of the world population is vaccinated should be described as selfish. These are difficult times that we will have to overcome, amid many problems that the global pandemic has brought us. Good luck to everyone.', 'Really disappointed that Anderson chose to showcase such a distorted view of a pandemic .Sullivan speaks from the perspective of someone who has escaped a death sentence, and fights every day with the relief of a chronic, serious illness. So every day of living his life to the full is how he gets up every morning, and that is great. But, not demeaning his strength in his own life, this is so simplistic, nihilistic, and  so callous.\n\nThe Covid pandemic is very different from the horror of AIDS, which he knows was made so much worse by the callous "You\'ve got it, so deal with it" approach that caused so much harm. Such an ego Sullivan shows, and I think, shades of schadenfreude. \n\nAnderson, how do you justify this interview?  Have that intellectual chit chat with him for fun off air, not appropriate or helpful in any way right now. Really disappointing and bad editorial judgement too, but hey, --- just my opinion, so --- let it rip - tough - live with it .', 'CNN is going down'], ['If this, whatever you want to call it, were a regular citizen, they’d have to go through a 72 hour psych evaluation.', 'This lady scares the living crap out of me what scares me even more she is an elected official.👎🏾', 'Forget about twitter, how come she isn\'t already "institutionalized"', 'She said “didn’t he” in question form…she definitely shouldn’t and no one like this should not be in leadership.', 'If scientists tried to create a human being out of genetic material from a hemorrhoid, they’d get Marjorie Taylor Greene', 'She NEEDS to be held accountable. Enough suspensions and calling her loony and whatever. The time has come that lies and misinformation said on purpose needs to be addressed and stopped. This is becoming a pathetic country driven by these spread of lies with no repercussions', 'This lady hammers nails into concrete using her forehead.', 'I love how the qultists stopped crying about "cancel culture" when people can call them out on their hypocrisy.', "I'm still trying to figure out how she got elected. She is the most dishonest person.", "She'll get a permanent suspension within days of getting her Twitter back.  She can't help but lie.", '"When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent."\n                                     -  Isaac Asimov', 'She is a lunatic. Good lord I’ll take Dr Fauci  over this bat crazy person any day. .', 'Like dealing with a naughty child who never listens nor learns their lesson.', "Don't forget she laughed Hysterically about a 5 year old child dying of covid her comment regarding masks and The Holocaust WOW", 'A win for SANITY! Little Miss “Jewish Space Lasers” is feeling sad now! 😭😭😭', 'More needs to be done than merely suspending her from Twitter. There must be ramifications for spreading senseless hysteria and fear.', 'Says a lot about our country when people like this can get elected to Congress.', "What's even more sad is that people actually listen to her nonsense and believe her.   Bless their hearts.", '1:36\n\n“I hear Alabama might be one of the most unvaccinated states” *crowd applauds. \n\nReminds me of of when Trump announced the US would leave the Paris climate accord and a bunch of off camera supervillains start cheering. \nWho are these diabolical wackos?', 'when insanity meets political expediency... you get this kind of maniac', 'Why can’t they ban her for ever like they did to the Mar-a-Lago King?', 'I wonder if she ever goes back and listens to anything she says! Crazy loves crazy and those people that are actually listening are definitely crazy LOL', "She's probably happy she's suspended.  You know she'll use it to fuel support from her poorly educated conspiracy hungry voters.", 'The people who voted MTG into office - and I mean ALL of them - should be ashamed of themselves!!', '“This tweet MAY be misleading”. \n“May”? Like…how about, “is certainly misleading”?', 'Trump - Greene, 2024 ticket: "We\'ll put insanity back in the limelight!"', 'If she doesn’t believe in mask usage, why is she wearing one?', 'Abought time 3rd time lucky, it should be permanent', 'MTG - depriving so many of her GA villages of their local “idiots”', 'That chick is an actual crazy person.  How the hell did she become an elected official?', 'Twitter has done the world a favor.\nwhen it was said that ignorance is bliss, they were speaking of M.T.G.', 'The problem with Green is always the same, she is always talking out of her ass which never makes any sense.', 'thanks Georgia she really makes your state looks good', "I'm so glad she's Moscow Mitch's problem. \nScrewball.", "I'm always amazed at how many Americans don't know the basics of their own constitution but believe it says whatever they want it to say.", "She wears a mask because she doesn't want to catch COVID, but she tells others they should not, LOL.", 'So. About that freedom of speech. Anyone remember that scene from Attack of the Clones where Queen Amidala says "and that\'s how freedom dies? With thunderous applause?. I may not be exact on the line but you get my point.', "It's scary how easily fooled, the Foolish can be fooled by Fools.", "I'll bet anything that MTG will get permanently banned from Twitter. And her little boyfriend Matt Gaetz won't be far behind.", 'Georgia, you should be ASHAMED of this insane lunatic...', "When Twitter suspends her, 'ol horseface can just cry Big Tech is silencing conservatives and then sit back and watch the money roll in. Just like with Trump, the ban should be permanent for repeat offenders.", '"People" like her and DeSantis are basically modern day Dr. Kevorkians, happily sending people to their deaths with evil lies', "Knock, Knock, Knock, sounds the call at the door.\nMTG: who's this?\nFBI: We have an arrest warrant, you have to come with us.\n\nTo be continued......", '“I hear Alabama may be one of the most *unvacinated* states in the United States” \n\nAudience: Cheers \n\nLike that’s supposed to be something to be proud of…', 'It takes an exceptional screwball, to want to be queen of the screwballs.', "Couldn't happen to a more deserving person 😂😂😂", 'If there’s any Jewish space laser scientists out there, it would be cool if you could test your blaster settings in this lady’s general direction..', 'I feel like I am watching a political train wreck happen in slow motion.  Like there is going to be something scandalous that comes out about her eventually.  No idea when.  No idea who.  But one thing I do know, there will be something incredibly scandalous that makes everyone chuckle a little bit.  I just know these things.', '😂😂😂 This made me actually belly laugh out loud. So delusional.', '1:40 MTG: “I hear Alabama may be one of the most unvaccinated states” \nCrowd: **cheers about it as if its a good thing** WOO MERICA” MUH FREEDOM DURR \n\nI swear it’s like we’re living in an episode of South Park.', "The party of 'rationality' and 'facts over feelings'. You know they like to say stupid stuff and act suprised when they're held accountable for it. Ban her PERMANENTLY.", "She calls it a bioweapon made in a lab, which it might as well be at this point with the Delta Plus Plus patch boutta hit - AND THEN SAYS IT'S NOT A PROBLEM.", 'Has any educator  researched the effects of these incessant  misrepresentations, misinformations,blatant brazen lies , outright slander, on Youth, children, adolescents??They can be misled unto death and disease,but on a more regular scene, don’t you fire  an employee for lying?How can parents and teachers cope  with lying  as second nature in their students?', 'She did this on purpose so she can play victim and she can say she is being “canceled” and fund raise off it. Because her supporters only care about trolling Democrats and “woke” people. These people care nothing about being part of the community. Because the GOP is now the GOMe.', "she probably doesn't even know what gain-of-function is.  This broad has to go.", 'This “woman” simply has to go!', "The new replacement for the boy child's diapers full up with lies and delusional statements it's over Karen. Your juvenile response to reality is unbelievable and will be your demise .", 'Ladies and gentlemen, we found the missing link. She lives in Georgia, walks upright, and has the ability to speak. \nShe should be placed in a controlled environment and studied for science.', "Wonder if everyone from the 14 district of Georgia lies like herand that's how she got elected", 'She is just an awful person. Unfortunately, as a politician she has a platform to spread her lies.', 'After seeing this title I went and looked. Both MTG twitter accounts are, unfortunately, still active.', 'I just feel like asking her "why the long face" (literally)', "Good!  I wish they'd keep her from her rallies ... in fact, why is she even still in office!?", "Greene needs to also lose her microphone privileges. I'm sick of hearing her speaking misinformation.", "MTG, Desantis, Abbott. When the followers and their loved ones start to get sick and die, even those idiot's will walk away from them.", '*Twitter:* "Your account has been suspended."\n\n*Greene:* "This must be the work of space lasers."', 'IF A Political Figure Does The Crime SHOULD BE READY TO DO THE TIME BEHIND BARS. TWITTER SUSPENDED ME FOR THAT EVEN THOUGH MY FOLLOWERS AGREED WITH ME.', "About damn time, now make it permanent. Enough is enough. At least make these cynical and/or stupid mad dangerous liars less relevant by whatever legal means available.\nPass the popcorn because I'm betting Rand Paul and deSantis are next.", "If you'd told people 10 years ago that politicians Twitter account status would be major national news would anyone have believed you? This is the darkest timeline", "How many times can these people tell lies that cause death before they're completely banned from all a polite Society?", "She and her constituents should be in jail, PERIOD. They're destroying lives.", 'I kinda miss the old days when a simple phone call would gett somebody talking her kind of crazy committed to an insane  asylum.', "She's the person with the big mouth and the one you keep away from in high school!!!", 'She needs to answer the question, has she been vaccinated? Yes or no.', 'Love how they call it lies and misinformation when it’s true….', 'Get ready for "From the desk of MTG"', '"Funding Covid 19?"\nThis delusional woman is "Fueling" Covid 19!"', 'It’s really great that we’re electing conspiracy theorist nut jobs to our government 👍🏼', "This is just a prelude to Dorothy's house landing on Marjorie 🤷🏿\u200d♂️", "She isn't just some random wingnut at the end of the bar spewing nonsense.\nShe is an ELECTED official.\nLet that sink in for a minute.\nThat's where we are.\n\n\nAmerica, thanks for all the good times we've had.  I've truly enjoyed it, and I will miss you dearly.", "There's dumb, then there's dumb, MTG speaking  lies and falsehoods to the delight of the Traitor", 'Greene, Gaetz, Cruz, Jordan, McCarthy GOP’s finest! 😂😂😂', 'Marjorie, you just don\'t learn, do you?  I can remember when the words "Georgia" and "Republican" were incompatible.  Lincoln is spinning in his grave.', 'These times we live in that are crazier by the moment are unfortunately the dark underbellly of the internet', 'Twitter users need to be even more vigilant about reporting her disinformation tweets when she’s back.', 'great show, keep electing these people!', 'Stay strong Chris c. CNN and it’s viewers have your back!!😃👍🏻', 'She literally told the truth in both examples.', "It's amazing how we still have such a tremendous amount of ignorance at this day and age...", 'Did I hear that right? Twitter suspending her for giving a speech calling Fauci out? Going to have to look at that again to make sure I am not mistaken.', 'Liberals lecturing about “spreading misinformation”...  how cute.', 'Marjorie: Seatbelts are lousy at preventing or stopping vehicle accidents. But they do a great job at saving lives. My point is that your rebuke on the efficacy of the vaccines is baseless.', "Can they just suspend her permanently already because like last time when her suspension is up she'll continue to keep spreading misinformation about COVID", "The saddest, most pathetic thing about her is: she doesn't even care how embarrassing she is to herself. 🤦\u200d♂️", 'He likes to get in trouble, love this man', 'Banning 18 million pieces of Covid misinformation sounds like a big time consuming waste of resources. It would be so much easier to ban any mention of Covid unless the post goes through a screening process.', 'Before Greene is done revealing the depth of her idiocy, everyone in Georgia will no longer admit they reside there.', 'Anything that shuts her up, is a blessing! Amen!', 'She lies all day suspended her indefinitely', 'If this was a regular citizen, we would have a permanent ban.', 'Greene is clearly jealous of AOC and wants the same attention and respect...without doing anything at all to deserve it.', 'And Cuomo has to resign??? This country is DONE! 😂 Lol!!', 'How do you tell when Marjorie is lying? When she opens her mouth.', 'Am I wrong, or is Marjorie Whatsername the Ultimate Karen?', 'Bless her heart, if she still has one.', "I've seen supporters claiming MTG should run for President!!! Dear God!", "I notice Democrats are never suspended when they openly threaten people on Twitter.\n\nIt's (D)ifferent.", "I remember in middle school when people would get into a ton of trouble just for accidently cussing. Why? To teach kids to be more careful with their words. If public schools, government run, can punish kids for their speech, why can't Twitter, a private company, do the same? SMH. There are too many people who don't realize that the first amendment only applies to the government and not private companies. There needs to be a set standard for education across the entire country.", 'People like Greene are attacking the very foundation of our political system, the truth.  There needs to be consequences or we will soon be enslaved by fear and doubt.  I do not advocate for violence, however, that said there is a great argument that our history is full of examples where some violence was necessary to induce change.  Defending our republic is paramount and the duty of every citizen.  Aux armes citoyens, formez vos bataillons !!', "These people are ridiculous. I guarantee they've got their shots!", 'Fox News spinning this as "social media bans MTG from her first amendment rights"', "If someone raps MTG's skull, bet you would get a hollow sound. She has absolutely nothing between her ears.", 'Its sad and deadly when "our" leaders are maniacs.', "I *DO* wish to point out, that while Twitter suspended her account for a week (oooo such punishment) her lies and rhetoric are being repeatedly shown during news shows.  Far better to say she's been suspended for her lies, and leave it at that.  Or, that she's been suspended for being a liar; either way.\n#Twitter  #MTG  #Suspended", 'I will be so glad when I read her obituarie!!!!', 'people / society / businesses have the right to take the mic away from nutjobs.', 'Georgia remember when she is back up for re-election do not I repeat do not vote for Marjorie Taylor Greene again', '"Alabama is one of the most unvaccinated places"\n*Everyone claps and cheers* (BIG IDIOT ENERGY OVER IN BAMA)', "It's about damn time. She needs to get back on the broom she flew into Washington on, and just go.", 'Daily reminder: Greene was elected because she ran unopposed.', "Can u imagine CNN calling Someone a liar I mean that's what they do .", 'The genius MTG is breathtaking ! Just when blond jokes were waning this putz hits the airwaves', 'Twitter should expel Greene PERMANENTLY!', 'Notice that Desantis and Abbott are now taking out of state help! Suprised Trump has not threatened them for working with BIDEN!', 'We’ve got remove the warts, or they WILL spread. We have to be as brave as they are.', 'As a Texan I have no right to judge Georgia for electing Greene when we have Ted Cruz.', 'Well these segments sure do bring Qanondumb out in the open....', 'What is wrong with people that would support something like her? Are people in Georgia really that messed up?', 'She continues to walk the fine thin like on permanent suspension on Twitter for once again, talking about untruths of the pandemic.', "Her 'response' should be legitimate grounds to suspend her permanently, whether she used twitter to respond or not. Actually she should be ejected from our government, permanently.", 'she needs to be taken out of any government decisions being made period.', 'I love Twitter’s Greene New Deal!!', 'Ide like to know ware Twitter gets there FACTS on anything.', 'Ummm, I am vaccinated and so are millions of others, and yes, I can truthfully and plainly say these vaccines work…', "Here's an idea for everyone. Stop getting all your medical information from online and news sources on TV for COVID-19. Instead, reach out to health professionals and ask them questions about how you should proceed during this pandemic with your day-to-day life in conjunction with your own health.", 'Twitter is playing into MTG’s plan for more attention and credibility with the GOP…', "It's still unbelievable to me that so many people continue to treat this virus like it's a joke. It's pretty bad in South Carolina 🤦🏾\u200d♂️", 'It took them this long to realize they should have done this a long time ago? My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.', 'Now can we remove her from Congress please', 'Yea, but being “cancelled” is a badge of honor to their cult.', 'AMEN!!! Thank you Twitter!', 'So how about putting her in a room with Positive COVID patients with no masks coughing. This person is absolutely crazy for talking lies.', 'She is beyond redemption.   Can you imagine the quality of the people that voted for her?', 'IMHO, The Dr. needs to file a lawsuit for defamation.', 'I’m starting to understand why it’s called TWIT-ter.  It attracts twits, and the owners are twits for giving people like them so many chances.', 'TRUMP never said to force or make the Vaccines mandatory.  The Vaccines were developed for people in high risk categories.  They are allowed by (EUA) Emergency Use Authorization.  These Vaccines are not approved by the FDA.  \nThe Vaccines will save the lives of people in a high risk category and that is what they were designed for.\nOPERATION WARP SPEED.', 'Spreading misinformation about covid should be as illegal as yelling fire in a movie theater, you have the right  but you do not have the right to be free from the consequences of yelling fire', 'Anyone else still shocked that Twitter is reliable news? Like this is middle school gossip website used by adults who have mostly never outgrown their online loser phase in life', 'Wow. HAS CNN REALLY gotten THIS desperate!!! lol WHAT A HEADLINE!!!', 'This is the only thing that ever happens to Republicans. Democrats are forced to resign 😅', "That's nothing...I got banned from Facebook for one month for non-covid posts, one week is a joke in comparison.", 'This is the down side of having freedom…..it allows challengers, no matter how ludicrous to have a voice.', 'When I said something offensive my parents and grandparents would have me wash my mouth with soap.  Maybe the people of Georgia should do the same with Marjorie Greene.  She needs a lesson in respect.', 'See you next Tuesday, Maggie!', "That's what happens when you violate the agreed upon terms set forth by a PRIVATE COMPANY. Said company then has the right to suspend your service privileges or outright terminate them. Ahhh, the free market at its finest...isn't that right, all you Republicans??????!!!!!!!", 'Permanent suspension from Twitter and expulsion from Congress are long overdue.', 'It hurts you the most when you trust someone blindly, and that person proves to you.,\n You are really blind.....💙', 'Twitter has single handedly done more to protect democracy and has saved more American lives than all of congress put together has.', 'If scientists tried to create a human being out of genetic material from a hemorrhoid,\n they’d get Marjorie Taylor Greene.', "I can't believe we're giving relevance to over privileged psycho soccer mom that ran unopposed...smdh", 'That’s not long enough, it needs to be permanent!', 'How is Government officials allowed to even give misinformation. How can this be legal', "She's subject to Twitter's rules, as is Twitter's moderation staff. Next time she screws up she gets banned for a month and after that she gets a permanent ban.", 'I would like to know if MTG has ever filed a tax return? She seems to be afraid that the federal government may acquire her Name, address, and social security number by coming to her house to inquire about her vaccination status. Personally I think that the government already has that information considering you must including all on your tax returns. This leads me to think that she must not file tax returns.', "While being disgusted and repulsed by marj I'm also in bewilderment that there are people out there that listen to her. How sad are you if you stand in that crowd cheering and agreeing out loud like she's giving a sermon.", 'Come Lord Jesus, come and stop this Pandemic, please if it be your will. Heavenly Father, creator of the whole universe forgive them for they know not what they do. Save us please!❤🙏', 'She makes me sick. She obviously flunked biology and ethics.', 'Thank goodness can we just do the rest of the republicans now.', "As crazy as a box of frog's  comes to mind when listening to MTG. 🐸🤪🐸", "She's a grifter with an attention seeking behavior.", "Anybody heard about Governor Cuomo?  Also, how much vacation time does CNN give?  I haven't seen the dynamic duo on CNN together in awhile.", 'Just go ahead and make her suspension/expulsion PERMANENT already!  Just like with Trump, her Tweets are killing people.', 'Finally some good news from the right side of the aisle 👍', 'Just ban her already. She just uses every suspension to fundraise.', 'Misinfo is one thing and the other thing (that NOBODY\'S) talking about besides independent media) is that she called on people to "exercise their 2nd amendment rights" on anyone who comes to talk to them about covid vaccines.', 'Thank you Twitter.  You saved countless people from getting even dumber!', "it's crazy how people actually belive this crap.", 'Greene is truly a person that has lost her mind. To know that she is one of the people that have a part in running this country is very scary.', 'They didn’t want to mention the last sentence of her tweet, which is the only true and most important part of her delusional tweets', 'Yet you people give her plenty of air time. These tech companies have wrought damage on us to an immeasurable manner', 'My question is when will Dr. Faucci sue for defamation? Traitor Green needs checked on the lies that she fomented.', 'BRING THE SHAMELESS LIAR TO TESTIFY AND TO EXPLAIN WHAT FACTS SHE HAS!!!!', 'When children act out we say they are doing it for attention, why do we assume everyone grows up, not everyone does, exhibit A Marjorie T Greene', 'Twitter has single handedly protected our democracy and saved more lives than all of congress put together.', 'lmfao, good, censor that guy. his speech is dangerous. and all lies. i cant believe she thinks she should be telling the cdc and fda about science and biology.', 'Good on her. Lies Dr Flip Flop puts out is gospel to you sheep. Why has the information about boosting your immune system kept out of headlines?', "OMG 😲 She's still in high school mode!", 'She needs to be sued for slander...', 'I really hope she catches it and battles forever', 'When you think about Alabama you think intellegence...', 'Greene: the beast at work!', 'PROTEST THIS INJUSTICE SO I CAN GO BACK TO SAVING LIVES WHICH IS WHY I JOINED TWITTER IN The FIRST PLACE.', '*Justice for Tara Reade !*\n2% Kamala:   _"I know a predator when I see one"_ \n2% Kamala:   *_"I believe ALL Biden’s Accusers"_*\n..........👴💤 :   *-BELIEVE WOMEN-*  ✌️😷✌️  *-BELIEVE SURVIVORS-*', 'My wife just informed me another No Mask No Vax in the neighborhood died last night. Oh well, another one bites the dust. You reap what you sow!!!', 'Vaxxed people ARE the Delta variant.', "Did Twitter actually research what she said other then go ask the man or his gophers about it ?  Or did they just block her ?  Trump sure loved Twitter until the end now didn't he ?", 'She should be sued for defamation when she tells lies on individuals. I bet that will change her tune.', "Damn I cant believe it's gotten so bad that no one in there blinked twice with all her bat shit crazy words. They ate it up. I just don't get it. I thought we were better than this. Guess I was wrong and this was just dormant waiting for there day to come. We're totally fucked If more elected officials go the way of the marjorie taylor greenes.", 'Way to go Twitter 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 for a week at least 😭😭😭😭', 'I’m tired of this clown. She does the most, all she do is act a fool, and she gets rewarded. She needs to be sued for defamation by Anthony. Every since you know who was in office, there’s men and women who wants to be like him. Why are we rewarding this reckless behavior.', 'Greene for NY Governor!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉', "I'm jealous of the person in charge of suspending her account.\n\nTotal job security", "I had carona virus I have under lying conditions I'm fine. See ya down the road.", "Eventually she'll be suspended permanently cause she's incapable to stop. Her stupidity won't allow her!", 'Why are you letting her repeat her lies about Dr. Faucci?', 'You guys… insurrectionists are rioters and lies is misinformation. Makes me feel like this video is misinformation because it is not honest enough.', 'Fitting commercial at the end of the video: did you know that the average person has between 15-20 lb of poop in their intestines…? Well Marjory Taylor Green has all her 150 pounds of it😂😂😂', "Thank you!  It's about time!  Too bad we don't  have a muzzle to order!", 'Prayers answered!!!  🙏🥰🙏🥰🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸', 'So...how many times are they going to suspend her before its permanent? Why does she get special treatment?', "Name one country that isn't using vaccinations to fight Covid. I'll wait MTG.", '"I\'ll take a "fragile hypocrite" over an "uninformed hillbilly."\n-Me', 'Suspended by the same social media platform that called the now more likely "lab leak theory " dangerous misinformation?......yeah thought so.', 'The left 4 years ago "don\'t trust the government or big pharma" the left now " the government and big pharma is here to help" . And censorship against anyone is just wrong. You shouldn\'t take what someone says at face value without fact checking it yourself. It\'s shouldn\'t be social media removing post because people are too lazy to research on their own or that it just offends them. Bunch of lazy cry babies.', 'Lol oh man, here goes the protests on how shes being censored and got her 1st amendment rights taken away.', 'Major Taylor Greene proves that elected officials should undergo some form of basic psychiatric evaluation before being given a seat at the table. The bar should be set a little higher than being able to remember and repeat  “person, man, woman, camera, TV”10 minutes later to hold the presidency', "She could care less. She's playing the long con. She'll spend the rest of her living off the ignorant Right, in Congress or not.", 'She refused to answer to the question about whether she received the vaccine🤥🤥🤥', 'If I was a gambling man, the republicans lack of compliancy during a global pandemic is a sign that they’ve been trying to divide both parties to become the dominant faction of a one party government.', "Yes, we can't have anyone speaking the truth, we can't handle that. But for those few that can there is always GAB where you can speak freely.", 'She should be careful with her recommendations about shooting first responders and the second amendment stuff; there is a lot of guns in the hands of the left as well.', "This is like Stephen King's The Stand", "It's about friggin time, they muzzled Green!", 'Made my day to hear this is already her 4th strike 👍☺️', 'God said “let there be shit” and created mouth marge t green', 'This person has made threats of violence against several people, is there  no laws in the US that should put her in legal jeopardy and jail.', "wow, that is totally crazy.  They are cheering their States' lack of vaccinations.  I suppose they cheer at funerals?  Funny, she isn't even from Georgia.  She had to find a voting district with enough idiots to get herself elected and for some reason she landed there...go figure right?", 'Reminder: Moderation of a private platform is not censorship. The first amendment does not entitle citizens to be published by whatever buisness they want to be published by.', "We're in Bizarro World when Twitter, a toy for children & the vacuous, can ban misinformation, but the same spreaders of that misinformation are encouraged to do so in Congress & the Senate.\n'The World's Greatest Deliberative Body'... \nYeah. In your dreams.", 'Yet there is still no study to base any claims one way or the other.', 'Stop giving Greene airtime.\r\nStripped of her committee assignments. Starve her attention seeking.\r\nSimple-minded people are like young children and Greene needs a time out for being nuts. Lock her up!', 'Good 👍🏽 that cuckoo clock Needs to be put on the Island of misfit toys🤪🤪🤪💯👍🏽', "I really don't know how she typed things on Twitter with her hooves", 'I got permanently suspended for calling Kim Kardashian a skank. Giess she owns stock or something 🤷🏾\u200d♂️', 'I closed my Twitter account a few years ago and occasionally watch a clown network blip to hear what radical left hive minds are shreiking about. I notice everyone on this network parrot each other.', 'The Biden infrastructure bill wants all new vehicles to have breathalizers and cameras to monitor you. Also a mileage tracker so they can tax you for driving to work and errands . Keep voting Democrat see what happens', "WOW! That was fast! Less than a year wasting time in Congress and she's getting the SWEET ban hammer! NOICE!!!! Her FOURTH of FIVE bans! I LOVE IT! LOVE IT!!! Preach to that zombie choir girl! You WORK for your well deserved ban hammer! GO! GO! GO! TWEET! TWEET! TWEET! TWEET! ⏳🐣🤪🔨🧟🧟🧟🧟🚫⚖️🎉😭🤣🥳", "Every time she vomits another lie or insult, she raises money from donations. It's like an 'Only Fans' thing, so she has an incentive to keep going. The only way to curtail it is to de-platform her. Then again, Trump is still raising millions of dollars from donations, and he's banned everywhere.", 'See I’m curious why covid isn’t hitting her up? Does she have an invisible forcefield? Karma slacking on the job? What is going on? Is she secretly vaccinated? 🤔', "Everything about this woman screams 'POOR JUDGEMENT'", 'I see her Qanon friends showed up to comment.', 'Agree with everything she stands for. You cnn supporter all need to grow pair', 'Funny that she’s saying this when she for the vaccine', 'She finally gonna be able to learn to read 😉', 'making threats should be a violation of her job.  Had she done this in a other place of work, she would have been removed of her duties.  Social media platforms have a responsibility to police misinformation because these can be weaponized.  We have seen the results of these.', "As Archie Bunker used to say to Edith, 'Marjorie, stifle yourself.' Just stop talking. Your nonsense is dangerous.", 'Can’t we just call it lies instead of misinformation?  Let’s just call it like it is.', 'Honestly if people think they can trust what they read on Facebook instead of medical professionals then that’s the failure of a school system in my book. Basic education is lacking.', 'can we as a society simply ignore green and candice owens ?', 'Why keep giving her chance after chance?  knowing damn well she isn’t going to stop saying what she says.', 'I love the Twitter guy....go on with your bad self!!!!!!!', 'Her words are more deadly then any gun in a right wing lunatic!!!...', "She gets to play the victim again. I'm sure she loves it and her supporters are eating it up. The Trump Republicans really have hit on the perfect scam. Finding the perfect marks was all it took.", 'Marjorie T Greene and Matt Gaetz will make excellent characters in a movie titled \nDUMBER  &. DUMBEST', 'I feel like she was trying to find how far she can go on saying things on social media so she could get suspended again.', 'In any other country she would be that person on the streetcorner wearing bread bag shoes shouting nonsense at the passing cars and largely ignored and avoided by the public. In America you give that person a megaphone a social media account and a job making laws.', 'I beg republicans to believe this CRAZY woman, that way there will be less republicans like her and more votes for Democrats!', 'Put Greene and them all in jail. Period.', "She's had her 15 minutes of fame and then some. Get rid of her!", 'The period between 1945-85 saw the biggest explosion of wealth for the middle \nclass. Reaganomics put an end to that. \n\nThe 3 biggest Recessions/Depressions in the last 100 years (1929, 2008, 2020) were all under Republican presidents (Hoover, W. Bush, trump)', "Those numbers Twitter gave are absolutely pathetic. It sounds fine, until considering 500 million Tweets a day are posted. That's 15 billion a month.", 'This is totally unfair.  Marjorie Taylor Greene is expressing the views of a growing number of real scientists with no political agenda like Fauci and the CDC.', 'OMG she has zero shame. Zero. She’s like the villain from a comedy because her lies are so overt and fantastical.', 'FINALLY!  She was laughing about children getting Covid a few weeks ago.', "I'm curious if this woman has ever had a second date?", "She needs to be run out of congress period. She playing some crazy game that's sickening.", "A big part of the problem is social media itself. It can spread lies at the speed of light to  people that don't apply critical thinking.", "What lawyer is handling the class action lawsuits against this (ankle) women? She's killing others with her speech.", "twitter has a 5-strike system and she's on her 4th strike. we'll see what they have to say come her 5th strike because obviously she's not going to stop or slow down. \n\nif you don't stand by your rules, prepare to get ran tf over", 'Alabama, the most poorly educated state in the country', 'What took so long?\nShould have happened months ago!\nI wonder when she was vaccinated?🤔🤔', "I'm beginning to think this Greene fella may be a bit off its rocker.", 'I\'m not shocked. It\'s not a matter of "If" but "when" there won\'t be any Republicans left on Twitter.', 'Jeezus.  sloping forehead, beady eyes--how does she even have opposable thumbs?', "CNN is so great and honest , I'm so glad they know the truth on every thing!", 'Just for the heck of it i checked to see if Twitter suspended andrew coumo page, nope, its still there.', "Popular Opinion: Every single one of ya'll agreed that Twitter's Smart made our Day:", 'Can Fauci sue MTG for defamation of character?', 'This is the face of the republican party.', 'The USA incarcerates more of its citizens than any other nation in the world, why? Because they jail people for not obeying their cultural conventions. There are a huge percentage of their population right now that are putting the health of their population at risk by not following their health guidelines, why are these people not being thrown in jail?', 'Thank you, Twitter.', "A week does nothing!! Do a  year ban then revisit and permanently suspend her...Twitter doesn't need her!!!", 'Freedom of speech people, we can say anything we want to!!!!', 'Guess what OAN, Newsmax and fox will be be talking about for the rest of the week.', "Somebody(s) should research MTG's family tree.  That glazed look in the eyes and a face that even a rock would be considered as more handsome to cannot be dismissed as the impossibly inarguable grand daughter of Charles Manson.  Given a crystal ball, even Manson would've worn a rubber thingy to prevent the aberrant MTG factor--- a witch with no talent and even less charisma.", "Greene's disordered personality seems to be borderline in full bloom", 'She will F up again and then it\'s "see ya bit"h!"', 'God forbid someone with opposing views of China news network have a voice', 'Thank goodness!!!! Get the cray cray in a straight jacket !!!', 'What is that noise??\n\nOh - its the week long silence on not having to hear this banshee bellow on Twitter for a week!!!', 'Let’s clean up the ignorant swamp.', 'If Twitter is so bad, MTG, why do you keep going back to it?', 'Repeal section 230, and punish social media for banning our governmental agents. This should be a crime against the citizens of the United States.', 'The people who dislike this video are pure no-life’s.', 'Flat earth rejected her application for being too nuts.', "Right now she's on her 40th strike who's Twitter kidding...?", 'No matter how much Facebook and Twitter do, the media will always say it\'s not enough. I can\'t imagine an amount where the media say "they\'re doing an appropriate amount."\n\nAlso, people often say Facebook and Twitter could do more, without offering any clear suggestions on what they would like these social media giants to do specifically.', "Absolute lunacy. She's insane", 'IF YOU DO The CRIME, THEN BE PREPARED TO DO THE TIME.', 'Someone has some sense. Good job.', 'Does she ever do any work or is she just campaigning for another term? She must be a professional congresswoman,  always campaigning and never actually working. She just liked being called a congresswoman and to hell with the work.', "I want you to please read the box that your mask comes in if it's not an n95 or kn95 or better then it is not rated to stop the spread of viruses that is not a lie read the manufacturer's statement", 'But MTG has the vaccine and preaches not to get it to these people who follow her to the grave.', "She's definitely a full bubble off plumb and she is one crazy lady", '"Those platforms are really on the defensive over all this"\n\nYeah I would be defensive too if I went around picking up trash off the street and a whole bunch of people started criticizing me telling me I was littering', 'Am sure there is a straight jacket waiting for it', 'About Time! I thought slander was a crime.', 'It should be removed from office and jailed for treason. 🤮', 'Did you see where CNNlol attacked the Rockies fan for shouting a racial slur? As usual it turned out to be fake news. What a disgrace of a network.', 'EVERYTHING SHE SAID IS THE TRUTH', "If twitter suspends you, you're doing something right.", 'The world needs to suspend MTG to space.', 'MTG is helping Democrats get elected next year by reducing her base. Stop going door to door and just stay safe while she and the other right wing idiots do all the work for you.', "I'm pretty sure if you did the insane things Marjorie Taylor Greene has done you'd be in jail, permanently banned from all social media, on a no fly watch list and have dozens of restraining orders against you.", "Couldn't happen to a more deserving troublemaker", 'So when Marjory catches COVID, she can just sit in the hospital and get ignored…and suffer. Maybe she’ll take it serious when she’s on deaths’ door. It’s the only way people like this learn at all…natural selection.', 'They need to  suspend her on all social media!!!', 'I’ll bet a dollar she’s vaccinated.', "Why are we just stopping at Twitter Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, tick tock wherever she's at needs to be suspended too her rhetoric is extremely dangerous.", 'Shocked ?  She ran on the hope of facilitating a "storm" of vigilante justice  culminating in the murder of her coworkers. Didnt she ?', 'The first amendment doesn’t give you the right to disturb the peace on a private website.', 'Like her and her supporters even know what gain of function means.', 'BOUT DAMN TIME!!!', 'It took them long enough to suspend her.', 'People running for office should be required to take an IQ test and a psychiatric evaluation.', 'Biden: You do not have the guts to take on the biggest misleaders - the Republican Party/Donald Trump/Kevin McCarthy, Marjorie T Greene etc., yet you talk about Facebook, Twitter etc. Get some courage and take action - arrest Trump/McCarthy and get the Republican killer party banned.', 'That’s 4 times,but her party hasn’t done 💩,and she’s vaccinated', "Maybe she should be slapped with a lawsuit for deformation of character but that won't happen Dr. Fauci is too nice.", 'CRAZY!!!!', 'YASSSSSSSSSSS!!!  About damn time.', 'Thank you 🙏, God!', "Popular Opinion: Every single one of ya'll agreed that Twitter Suspension made our Day:", "Why doesn't Fauci sue her for slander?", "She's putting Dr. Fauci's life at risk and the life of the cult followers that worship her.", 'That 2015 stock footage at 2:06 tho', "Maggity Trailertrash Greenslime, the best Georgia's 14th District has to offer.", 'Trump polluted the Swamp with the likes of MTG, and Her Poisoning With Lies🤢🤡🤢', 'One week? Oh yeah she has been held so accountable 🙄🙄', "Don't forget, you don't need any education to run for congress or to vote for anyone either. The uneducated thrive on their confirmation bias", 'Who suspends Twitter is the question ! It is violating her first amendment right. The system is fragile! Rather than having the public to hear both sides, Twitter and government is suppressing the flow of information.', "That's what the japanese ex Olympics director was resigned for saying woman talk too much.", 'Social networks put narcissists and paranoids in the same Petri dish - so far results are not nice.', "We take two steps forward ,three steps back ,were in the hell y'all find these people lol ,crazy shit", '🤣🤣🤣🤣❤❤❤❤', 'She is stupid enough to violate the policy 4 more times. Just a mater of time.', 'This is just so weird to see how people listening to this lady and have no critical thinking to realise that her claims are bogus 🤦\u200d♀️#investinselfeducation, #developecriticalthinking', "I get that we live in a Constitutional Federal Republic and Reps like Green were elected by the people but something must be done about the politicians who are flat out lying to the American people about life or death issues. As a healthcare provider and former microbiologist I just don't understand why people are shunning medical advice from one of the greatest scientists of the last 100 years in favor of ramblings from a politician/ failed business woman/ crossfit hobbyist!", 'Now if only Congress would do the same and impeach her out of Congress.', 'The war against truth is alive & well.', 'Green she needs to be canceled for life. She’s down with the crazy 😛', "She has a very....handsome nose...I'm guessing that is due to steroid shots during her gym days.  I got to admit...no one is more deserving of masculine nasal transformation than MTG...nice goin' there fella.   😂", 'i saw one looney today  upset because their  kid  had to wear  a mask to go too school  . the  stated reason was religion.  not that religious but   cant recall a   verse  saying infecting others  with covid  was  a good thing in any way at all.', 'What happened to freedom of speech?  If she lied then sue her instead of canceling her on social media.', 'I can’t understand peoples who want to live in Middle Âge!', 'Everyone of you true Americans need to listen to the important words of Jason Whitlock if we have any chance of restoring our country, please listen to his words', 'Oh Lord! Please deliver us from evil!!! Let us use the brains you gave us to think rationally and make logical decisions.', 'Somewhere out there there\'s a horse saying, "Winney! [That\'s my girl!]".', 'Where was Twitter 20 months ago.    It’s all about money.   It finally went too far so now they suspend her.', 'Greene probably does not even know what Gain of Function research is...', "You just can't make this stuff up!", 'She is a real piece of "work". A potato head -', 'Dr. Fauci needs to start filing libel suits against these nut jobs. Maybe that will shut them up!', 'Wtf??? How is this person still in office???  This is insanity!!', 'Who died when Fauci "lied"? Fauci created the virus? This chick is trippin.', '1 week only for spewing poisons into the society- whole of USA?', '🥱 Y-A-W-N. Marjorie for Prez.  🇺🇲', 'I get the impression that Maggs is quite fond of her arms..', 'Holy cows, Fauci should be able to sue her for liable.', "This lady lies like she breathe. When she was asked if she took the vaccine she started talking about her HIPPA rights. All she had to answer is yes or no. Hippa is to protect your medical information. The reporters can't ask her doctor or hospital for her information.", 'She needs to be suspended permanently from holding any public office.  We need to get rid of this complete waste.', 'Someone someday is gonna take care of her. How do people believe this wacko...ban permanently.', 'This lady is off her rocker.', 'They need to fire this looney tune from being a US Representative.', 'How the hell is she a damn senator?', "I just don't get why this woman, and most republicans, act like this with the pandemic. I honestly just don't get my friends. I really baffles me. I don't know why they are like this. Even some of my friends who are history teachers don't get it. The most baffling thing is that she honestly believes what she is saying", 'Twitter just made my day!', "Did she just say masks don't work 🤔?  Is just me or did I just see her wearing a mask!😂😂", 'she is not just spreading misinformation, she is flat out lying on this stuff.', 'Until she is silenced she will keep on gaining more and more fame sadly...', "What's the next sentence? 7 days now but 30 should be next. Those are lies, pure an simple. I can't say what I would like to do or I'd be suspended too.", 'If I were on Twitter they would shadowban my account immediately.', 'There’s a reason she doesn’t want people to know she’s vaccinated. She could care less about their health. All she knows is that she is safe. She’s trying to make it harder for Biden to have an easy go a the presidency. Clear as day. She’s a destructive pigeon', 'Social media needs to remove the people from their platforms.  Not just have them remove a posting.', "They're cheering because they're unvaccinated, the variant will find the unvaccinated.", 'Twitter gives you 5 strikes?  How come I got permabanned after just 3?  And each strike was for a satirical jibe.  FFS.', 'Thank You Twitter and permanently would be welcome...', 'When a troll trolls the best thing you can do is suspend them !!', 'GREAT!!!', 'Guess I must be missing something: How does one "fund COVID 19?" And if masks and vaccines don\'t reduce the number of COVID, what\'s HER suggestion????', 'It would be really nice if YouTube stopped allowing people to publish if they are spreading misinformation. That would be a big help. If these people cannot easily share these extreme conspiracy theories then they will go away.', 'She is so special !!', "So Comrade Rasputin Dorsey is having another Free Speech panic attack. Maybe soon he'll implode like a Martian hearing Slim Whitman yodeling.", "Getting deplatformed only increases her credit with her audience. She gets to play the victim. No doubt, she'll raise a boatload of money off this while making false pledges to fight back against 'cancel culture' and 'big tech' and all that nonsense.", 'Finally.  And it needs to be permanent #accountability', 'I didn’t realize that there’s that many people world wide who are that stunned.', 'This is the real face and feelings  of a TRUE  REPUBLICAN.\nAnd they are using her as their REPRESENTATIVE', "That witch (replace  (w) with a b) crazy!!! And ain't enough people saying it!!! Republicans have lost their damn mind and our government needs to be restructured...", 'Finally. What took so long?', 'Two words: Psychiatric evaluations', "My goodness if we're all hypocritical Twitter why is she on it too? I guess you won't miss it.", "Why is this crazy woman still being paid with our tax dollar's.", 'The woman has the IQ of a strawberry.', 'She doesn’t deserve O2.', 'Best Internet Comment I\'ve seen about Greene\'s claims: "This isn’t gaslighting, this is 100% Pure Unadulterated Pompous Stupidassery."', 'More suppression!', "Bottle blonde that stands in front of the frozen orange and stares at can 'it says concentrate'", 'Daughter of Darkness.', 'See you next Tuesday Marj!', 'We are living in nazi Germany', '*EXCELLENT*', 'Good. She needs to Stop Misinforming people, let them choose what to believe ❗️', 'Would you trust a scientist or a politician?', 'False statements, lies, or misleading information from a person with power and in a position of authority, should be a criminal offense punishable by removal from that position.', 'MTG great example of a failed human being, what a vile being!', 'Greens Twitter video viewed 200 times before deletion.  CNN replays the banned video and it’s viewed 68 thousand more times.', 'Facebook doesn\'t delete anything. You can literally post a video of a murder and it won\'t be removed. "The post doesn\'t go against our community standards".', 'Marj 3 names needs to be held accountable for her seditious acts', 'She must be the leader of the me too movement', 'Like Twitter means anything in the real world...hell as far as that goes what do politicians have to do with the real world?!', 'Finally!!', 'One week is all, Re they serious? Ughhhh', 'She needs suspended from being a representative permanently.', 'Who gave her a platform in the first place', "what a joke, 1 week . Send twitter's founder to china for national security activities", "About time. Remove her from all social media. She can't work on committee's, if she's removed from social media she'll have to go home.", 'Fauchi needs to sue her for her lies and slander of him.', 'I keep seeing this cartoon in my head... MTG, Gaetz, DeSantis, Abbott, Carlson, Hannity,... - all of them in _cheerleading_ uniforms with COVID written on the front, with pom-poms & bandaids on their arms (from where they\'ve gotten vaccinated).  And one of them on the side getting "the jab" while holding a shush-finger to his smirking lips.  It\'s like they\'re _rooting_ for COVID!', 'CNN WONT EVEN TELL YOU ABOUT THE INFRASTRUCTURE BILL .', "The truth is Marge got a vaccination. If she is so adamant against the vaccine, when the reporters asked her if she had gotten it, wouldn't her answer been hell no, instead of evading the question?", "Her first comment was not misinformation. It just depends on if a person thinks a less than .5% chance is 'dangerous' or 'not dangerous'. However cable news implying that Delta is more deadly IS misinformation because that can be prooven easily to be false using CDCs own data.", 'So she gets up and just says anything crazy that comes out her mouth. She is crazy.', 'I love how she spouts everything that everyone is doing wrong that its all bad, but what is her resolution? What does she think we should do?', 'Is Marjorie Taylor Greene related to Lee Corso at all? They look so much alike.', "it's disappointing that she is not getting any noticeable push back from her constituents.   it's become apparent that politicians aren't doing anything about this person spreading dangerous lies.  it's sad to see that her constituents are also complicit.", 'Rep green is right 💯 percent.right on point baby.😎😎😎😎😎😎😎', 'FANTASTIC OUTSTANDING GREENE OUT OF TWITTER', "And to top this all off, you can bet your life that she's vaccinated.", 'Finally. enough of loudmouth liar', "Again!!! When will she ever learn? And why hasn't Dr. F filed a lawsuit against her?", 'Misinformation...who decides? Mis-info, Dis-info, its a step away from jackboots and propoganda, awaken', 'Such a person could only become a politician in a development country.', "It couldn't have happened to a crazier liar. What took so long?", 'I wish the news media would stop talking about Green! ! !', 'They should also suspend Lauren Boebert from Twitter and Facebook.', 'Saying people should shoot public servants that come to their door wasnt enough to get her off twitter let alone expulsion from congress.', "Ah Marjorie, you're a perfect embodiment of the uneducated sludge that has accumulated in the American South for centuries now.", 'Ban them all from TV and social media. They should be working, not tweeting, worrying about how many likes or retweets, or giving performances on cable news. If they have something to say, they can issue an official press release through their press person.', '👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏', 'Marcus Flowers is running against mtg. Please anyone in ga look him up, spread his info. Get this monstrosity out. Ga deserves better.', "You're going to get suspended young lady for a lying how dare you little lady I mean little girl little girl little girl hahahahah 😄Wicked just remind me of somebody all she needs is green and all black and she's just just fine I'm on a rant cuz this feels just fine cuz she's exploiting wrong information and lying while she's at it", 'should have done it forever,she is off her rocker', 'Yet, Taylor-Gangrene has been vaccinated and is protected. Very strange....', 'Excellent!', 'No Rep. or no politicians should have a twitter and any other form of social media', 'better late than never even if it’s for a week', 'Is that Paul (the jag off ) Gosar standing behind her.', "misinformation is great!  you guys just don't know how to use it like republicans.   watch:  BREAKING NEWS: MY PILLOW MADE IN CHINA BY CHILDREN.     see how easy that was", 'She’s insane', "About TIME! Thank you Twitter! She's crazy. Wow what the hell is wrong with this woman!? She just makes up the wildest crap.", 'Why does anyone take anything they see on Twitter seriously anyway?  Social media is like inviting the whole world to your kitchen table to discuss religion and politics.  Honestly, if Twitter, Facebook and YouTube are your sources for truth then you have issues', 'The more outrageous, the more money donated to her. GOP knows they can get away with anything. Their base does not care. The poor people giving their money to her.', "Marjorie can't control herself. In fact, she thinks it's something of an asset.", 'Suspending her from Twitter is not enough!!', 'THE CDC WANTS YOU IN FEMA CAMPS.', 'This is what is called the kill off your base technique', 'Well that was simply a matter of time and what issue.', 'Natural selection is coming into play now....Looks like Alabama is going to thin the herd.', 'About time!  Do it permanently!', 'Any reasonable amount of common sense wouldn’t need Twitter to suspend this woman.', 'Dear God!  What has become of my country? 😢', 'A week?! That’s nothing.', 'Short of wiring her jaw shut and gluing the fingers on her writing hand, nothing will stop this woman from lying.', "I'm sure she got her vaccine, she should be barred permanently from Facebook,  Twitter and Instagram. Like daddy Trump.", 'I am pretty sure Greene has her Covid shot too.', '1 more and shes out. Do we want to take bets on how long itll take?', 'They will prosecute the the ones that are telling the truth!', "I'm curious has Greene been vaccinated 🤔😷", 'Another good day.', 'good friggin FREAK\nI would give anything to have just 5 minutes', 'About time!!! Took them long enough. This person is a danger to so many people. Just look at the numbers of new cases and  most from the unvaccinated populations who are in red states.... her   followers.', 'This BS comes from the mouth of US Congress people that occupy the halls of Congress. Absolutely disgusting. The reign of the US empire is truly over.', "She just doesn't looks like a monster... she is a monster!", 'Police have to wear body cameras so should politicians just because they don’t beat you up doesn’t mean they’re not crooks wouldn’t that solve all our problems', 'Ban her permanently PERIOD', 'MTG = KAREN -19 Delta Variant', 'Really?? Just a week? How about a lifetime suspended from all media', 'MT Greene should go work for the WWE { : < [] ) GRRRRRR !!!', 'She can’t wait to get her badge-of-honor ban so she can ramp up the grifting.', 'That woman is so evil, her head spins around as she spews green slime.  Covid, go get her! ...Just putting  it out there in the universe.', 'She might link the virus back to that foreign country called Guam!', 'Stupid people also deserve political representation and MTG is perfect for this purpose. This is, sadly, the biggest problem with democracy.', 'Lol you get of msm every doctor even the creator of mrna say the vaccines spreads it more. And the ask do nothing lol', 'If any of us did this we would have already been banned for life !! Smh', '🙏..... ❤️. 👌👌👌', 'When did we start caring about what people say did generations of crybabies do this 80’s and up they don’t even know what racist is', 'Just like the Congress women said the other day to her constituents about her having private security when she wants to defund the police, "JUST SUCK IT UP".\nThe Democratic party is not a socialist party, it\'s a communist party.', 'Whyyyyy are these people in positions of leadership for our country?  MTG acts like an 18 year old little girl that wants to argue with everyone on Facebook using the latest misleading infographic she came across and saying SEE, SEE!!', 'She brought this on herself!', 'Wow..why covid cant get her then she will no how it feeling', "Why doesn't she concentrate on creating laws for the people instead of running her mouth ALL THE TIME?"], ['Just like Hot Wheels here in Texas! Everyone standing against him!!!', "I'm glad I don't have children.\nThere are just too many liberals, creating too many problems for a guy to keep fighting back.\nIt really gets exhausting...", '"When all the truth comes out, we the people swear to never stop seeking out all those guilty parties involved. We will not stop until justice has been served on every last one."', "He's the Marjorie Taylor Greene of state Governors.", 'Wearing a mask reduces the chances that the wearer will transmit a virus, any airborne virus.  Therefore, wearing a mask is a selfless act, helping to protect your fellow citizen.  Arguing against mask wearing in the name of freedom, the whimpers of the selfish, ignores a selfless act and tarnishes genuine cries for Liberty.  Me me me.  My rights my rights my rights.  My my, indeed.', 'Glad I live in BFE and enjoy living a simple hermit lifestyle away from people who carelessly endanger one another.', 'Thank you to the Broward County School Board!', 'We are requiring masking at the college I work for and I still get adult students complaining. To one student I’m like, yo- you are an adult here. Get the vaccine or don’t. But each choice has a consequence. Our  first order of priority is to ensure safety of our students, staff and public. I hear nothing but silence…', 'Great Job superintendent.', 'Lets see how those parents feel about it.', 'Yeah ..takes salary out...if they r afraid of kids...hire younger ones!', "I'm glad teachers are standing their ground about mask wearing! Seems like Death sentence doesn't care about kids! If parents send their children to school without mask it will show what parents don't care about their child health and they rather believe DeSatan!", "There you go !! We have to protect our children, our teachers, our health workers.Fight back to this disgusting politician who  politicized this pandemic. And I also hearing about taking their freedom away. How are you going to enjoy your freedom if you are dead.It is not about 1 person, it's about all of us. Please take care of all of us. God Bless Us All.", "Strange, my knee seems to have some magnetic attraction to Desantis face 😯 I wonder if lots of people get that feeling in their knees? 🤔 Maybe it's similar to how some people can sense rain with their hip?", 'Should also do a story on the nationwide teacher shortage \nIs it worse then 2019?', 'Praise the teachers and education leaders for standing up to the pathetic DeSantis.', 'I have worked in those schools for the last 10 years. And, believe me they are not what they want you to believe ????  My only regret is that I didn’t become a teacher in my early years !!!!', 'He needs to go back to elementary school.', 'Amen! Keep fighting on. You will win!', "Why don't they just provide a remote option? One remote class for each grade?", '""""when life gives 100 reason to cry show life 1000 reason to smile""" 😀😀', 'masks dont work, particles go through it easily, also kids touch masks non stop. dasantis is smart.', 'Good on you school districts as the great quote says\n\n"All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good people to do nothing"\n\nkick his ass and save your kids/family/friends. Next time tell him to F-Off with your votes.', 'Old Ronald McSantis.....time to send in the clowns.....', 'Glad to hear they are protecting the children in spite of his threats. Just sickening what he’s doing.', 'Thank God!!🙏🏻✝️☮️☮️', 'I think DeSantis should take his kid to school for a week visit and he can sit in the class without a mask as well as his child.\nWe will see how sure he is if his kid is involved.  I am pretty sure none of kids are in school', "If getting COVID 19 was a choice yes I'm all for us having the choice if we want to wear a mask or not but that is not how viruses work.", 'Nothing on Cuomo CNN?  Oh thats right.  CNN doesnt report news.', "I just can't believe it has to come to this!", 'Leon County, first day of school is tomorrow. Superintendent has mandated masks be worn. DeSatan  cares NOTHING abt FL children. Thank Our God ppl are smarter than this lunatic Governor.', 'Obi Wan DeSantis will kick their ass.', "The doctor's note policy is not full-proof, and determined parents will still accomplish their goal.", "It's wonderful to see that Humanity takes over politics", "• DeSantis wants to _forbid_ schools from requiring masks? What about schools in really bad neighborhoods with high infection rates, would he still forbid them? Would he forbid a school from requiring students wear coats in the winter too?🙄\n• They aren't willing to give up their salaries. They'll get their paychecks AND require masks as necessary. 👍", 'It is a bit depressing to see public officials who believe that there is a constitutional  liberty interest to wader about  without a protective mask and infecting others with a potentially deadly virus.  This is the reasoning of a two -year old toddler who has yet t to be toilet trained.', 'Mask work so well it will just take two weeks right? And the scamdemic will be gone', '"Enough from the clown!" -Gambol', 'Fight! Fight! Fight! American politics is my favorite form of entertainment', 'I assure you he will get the last say in this! They won’t like it!', 'According to the Supreme Court Teachers are the parents at school (“in loca parentis) according to the Supreme Court. So desantis should be protecting teachers’ rights by law. And his threats won’t stand up in court. \n\nThe Supreme Court ruled that teachers act in loco parentis. In lieu of parents. In 1995 Supreme Court ruled that high schools were permitted to conduct random drug testing of student athletes (Vernonia School District v. Acton, 515 U.S. 646, 115 S. Ct. 2386, 132 L. Ed. 2d 564). According to the Court, such testing does not violate the reasonable SEARCH AND SEIZURE clause of the Fourth Amendment because students in school are under state supervision, and as such, the state (and the school) is responsible for their well-being. \n\nBesides what happened to republicans defending state’s rights AND local rights?', 'How do you tell when DeSantis is lying? When he opens his mouth.', 'How well do healthy kids do when they get Covid?', "My brother and his wife just passed away from covid because the governor of Florida doesn't feel covid is serious, he is letting to many people get sick and die", 'Require a HAZMAT suit but accept mask has a replacement. No need to require mask...', 'Love it!!!', 'The irony, Floridians are learning...to make their schools safe.', 'You would think that keeping children safe would be bipartisan.  Apparently not', 'Thank you God 🙏', 'You can still wear one 🥴', 'I can’t believe I live in this county so sad', 'yup, selective freedom of choice. the right to life party protects nobody but themselves.', 'Good for this brave (and correct) school board.', 'What will the school district do if the child doesn’t comply? \nI had so many of my students wearing them around their chin, sticking them in their mouth, picking them off the floor, and wearing the same dirty mask day after day. \nIt may make the parent feel better, but the truth is you’ll never get 100% compliance from the student. \nIt would be better to encourage and reward mask compliance, hand washing, etc. than punish and shame the student because of a mandate.', 'Go to Frank Speech for election fraud.', 'This is a dystopia at this point.  Asking on the news if school admin is ready to give up their salary to protect the children under their care.  Just wow.', 'This mask stuff is important people being difficult is messing up the game', "It's about protecting the kids with mass and others y'all need to get Sanchez out that's my opinion", 'Anyone with a link to info on the two employees and one student dying?', 'Finally, somebody standing up for the children and their health.', 'Just defund the teachers Union and allow increase school choices . I am will be glad that Gov Desantis  is withholding   these woke students.  I am tired of these woke school board members and teachers  Union trying  grab and indoctrinate children with vile doctrines .', 'When the teacher walk out and the kids back in home school bet u wish they had that mask on then use your brain protect your kids... U really think the governor cares about your kids........', 'So if they can do this, can I defy them?  Sounds like I should be able to.', 'It’s time too IMPEACH Governor DeSantis.  He has lost his vision in leadership and keeping citizens, children SAFE!!  Florida!!  Remember voting season what Gov. DeSantis did too all citizens of Florida!!  Vote Absolutely No too Gov. DeSantis on any leadership of position.', 'I guess the wisdom of  “Erroring on the side of safety,” for children safety means very little in the state where Disney World requires all of its guest wear a mask.', "So the governor says leave it up to the parents. School board is taking away choices from parents. Who's over stepping their bounds?", 'Making sure the kids wear mask appropriately and stop Covid is like making sure the kids don’t have cavities', 'What are you afraid of? If you believe masks are important state your case to the parents and if they agree with you they will send their kids with masks, \nStop telling people what to do!', "Good for them. Desantis's death mandates on our kids is disturbing.", 'Good job ; 👏🏼🙏💕😍', "Hell with it. I'm done paying taxes... Who's with me?", "So you have to have a note from a doctor to wear a mask if it's has to be that way why can't you get a note from the doctor saying you can wear a mask and nobody gets in trouble", 'No parents want their child to be in danger so take precausion wearing a mask is ok why the hell desantis  don"t want people to do that.vote him out', "I guess the people of Florida really don't want the government telling them what to do . After all, the governor is part of the government.", 'I smell a withhold of pay followed by a huge teachers and support staff strike coming!', 'DEATHSantis is adamant that his political career is more important than the health and safety of your school children!', 'What Governor DeSantis of Florida does to withhold the salary of school officials who want to make the use of masks mandatory in schools, represents an aggresive step towards the terrible Revelations 13: 17 \xa0"so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the mark,\xa0which is the name of the beast or the number of its name."  He literally takes away from school officials the salary that allows them to "buy and sell" to live, just for refusing to commit the "beastly" act of not implementing reasonable protection measures against Covid 19 among students, and thus avoiding "sacrifices of children" on the altar of indifference and Trumpism. Those DeSantis actions could soon be replicated by other political leaders in and outside the US. Is DeSantis the fearsome "False Prophet" of the Apocalypse?', 'If the teachers have taken their shot then what are they afraid of if parents decide not to send their kids to school with a mask? Unless they think the shot doesnt work.', 'DeSantis is delusional', 'Yeah, give him Hell boys!', 'Mask up thank you teachers!!! 😷', 'Dan Rollings for Gov. The new Gainesville ripper is back.', 'All parents of school age kids should be allowed to work from home and should home school their kids. Problem solved.', "Man I can't wait until we get a Governor in the State of Florida!!!", 'I wear a mask to stop dust when offroad riding sure I’ll wear one to stay alive common sense!!!!', 'Teachers get to go thru this all the time.', 'School: We want to protect the children.\nDeSantis: Liiissstennn to meeeeee!!!! 😭😡🤬', 'Keep our kids Safe! \nOur Babies mean more! \nThe Republican Party is the most sorry party there is just like their former dictator "Trump".', 'Seems like I had to dislike this video twice 🤔', 'Good luck tracing cases in schools. 28 children per class and a packed lunchroom!', 'Thanks for courage.', "Whats next, sun-down towns?...These governors are conducting themselves like little kings of their own kingdoms...history won't be kind to them, it never is...", 'In this world of chaos we do what we must protect the children because they are the future of us all🤔', 'Just like DJT KILLED the people of the United States of America with his rhetoric on covid-19 DeSantis is do the same for the citizens of Florida. IMPEACH DESANTIS!', "So the parents have more rights to put their children at risk, but school officials don't have a right to keep them safe. This would be equivalent to giving abusive parents carte blanche while child protective services are ordered not to intervene. In DeSantis's fascist little world, the only tune he listens to is the one that's going to get him to the White House. What's a few hundred thousand Covid deaths along the way for Mr. Pro Life?", 'If you go along with an illegal military order you are still liable. We are also obliged to ignore obvious attempts to put you in danger.', 'School Board Members. The SB Is made up of elected parents. The School Board does Not make-up  of teachers. Teachers have jobs.', 'We need to figure out how to withhold the governors salary for the horrible job on the pandemic issue', 'Respect', 'School districts putting their money were their mouth is💪🏾 First people were protesting for teachers to return to the classroom, now they want o lock teachers in a classroom with unmasked students. Figure out priorities people.', 'Good for the school,how dare him?', 'Haha good on ya smart Floridians \nGood job', 'The kids are only complaining because they hear mom & dad complaining about it…fighting it…refusing to wear masks! Every kid I’ve seen, my grandkids included, have not complained, cried or fought wearing masks!! It’s the parents!! 🙄', 'Desantis is a death dealer, dam.', "The only thing a tyrant respects is strength. Besides, it can't be legal to withhold money based on a difference of opinion, making deSantis a criminal tyrant", 'I hope more boards revolt.  De Santis is trouble.   Let boards decide what makes sense in their area.', 'DeSantis will be growing desperate…  panic will be setting in on the risk to his career. He will seek now to somehow back out of the stupidity but hope to look like he won. But if children die or get very sick in any numbers, he can kiss his career goodbye. And so he should; trying to score political points opposing precautions that scientists and medical experts say are needed??? Not a smart man.', 'I’m glade I have no children I would be raising hell with the Nazi school systems', 'Since he is making a mandate on wearing mask, than he should be held accountable for every person that get sick or worst.  He should be put on trial and found guilty and convicted.  He should get 20 year every person that get sick and pass away.  The people of Florida need to remember his actions and his lack of any actions, threatening of county, city and school officials when election time comes.  Vote him out.', 'As they should, the guy has lost his mind', "I thought Republicans didn't like big government telling people what to do?", 'Trumplicans are hellbent on "Making Covid Great Again"! Sadly their plan is working.', 'Proud of the school districts keeping the kids wearing masks to keep their pupils safe better them wear masks than risk the chance of serious illness or even death enough people in America already has died from covid supporting everyone who are doing the right thing for the people and not for politics supporting you all from Ireland', 'Yea I’m sure their powerful liberals in that school !', 'COVID never should have been about politics it should have been about saving as much people.', 'Been told half in hospital have had vaccine. Still a very uncertain time', "The governor understands how to fight the American people keep them oppressed keep them misinformed and put their children at risk or I won't pay you", 'Remember when “breaking news” meant that it was new and interesting?', 'Parents have the right to choose...period', 'Also note the governor’s assistant stage right rear; guaranteed at least once Governor D. groped she in some way shape or form.', 'He. The governor is looking to keep making trump happy or trying to run for president, with this other virus running rampant and hospitals filling up he should allow mask.', 'Next up teachers tell students what drugs they should take parents are great full.', 'Good', 'How is this defying DeSantis?', 'Everyone in Florida should ignore Governor death sentences mandates if they threaten lives!', 'Its pretty obvious teachers unions are forcing this so they can go back to remote teaching.', "Hey CNN! Where's Fredo? \nGiving more advice to Andy the senior killer?", 'DeSantis: "If they look at the data, it\'s reasonable for them to think they\'d rather not send their children to school without wear a mask"\n\nIs he actually calling the fools that follows his words FOOL!!!?', 'This governor lacks of leadership… poor judgments… a clown', 'DeSatan vs Florida Liberals (rare, almost extinct animal). Who will win?', 'Is it me or did desantas seem more humble and less arrogant?', 'Damn cameraman must like what he see 0:34', 'Same thing in Texas,,, Texas governor banned mask mandates in schools (Some districts ordered them anyway) Abbott is now  begging for out of state medical personal to come work in texas because some urban Texas hospitals and clinics are over whelm with covid cases..Who would want to come work in a place where the Governor refuses to help his own citizens stop the spread of covid............', 'No it’s a power grab teachers you’ve been vaccinated you have the choice to wear a mask wear one it’s up to the child or the student or the parents everybody should get a choice that is called freedom. If masks work so well why are you so scared just put your mask on and shut your mouth', 'I know Florida is known for its reptiles, but that governor is one cold blooded son of a ……', 'The same sanity that gave us collapsing buildings and mentally challenged kids shooting up schools.', 'Can my kids ignore the mandate that ignores the other mandate? 🤡', 'Awww..the psychology of death has been undermined……', 'What does Fredo say about this CNN?', 'Thank you for sharing this video news cnn', 'State government needs to get out of the way of local government.', 'The school districts should sue the governor.', 'DeSantis is just trying to score cheap political points.', 'I hate it when the Right-Winger thinks they are cool, tough and they are going to be the next Donald Trump.', "2:04 What data is he talking about? I'd like to know.", 'Vote all they want, they will be defunded for breaking the law.', 'What’s the governors end game here? Anyone?….', 'Kudos to that school district……cause if shit goes south, they can’t be blamed by gov!!', 'The vivacious samurai biomechanically stamp because trapezoid retrospectively phone around a greedy handball. safe, cute betty', 'Yes! OMG. She is a hero. This is bold.', 'How’s the Covid virus going in FL today?  Raising your bar with numbers or going down?  Hum!', 'ahh, yes. the party of small government', 'DeSantis: "Parents should decide if their kids wear masks!"\nEveryone else: "How\'s that been working for you in Florida?"', "Why would they call for a mask mandate? The Governor isn't saying that you can't wear a mask. Anyone who chooses to wear one is free to do so. Those who don't want to wear one should be given the same consideration.", 'More kids die of drowning than covid 19 so they should wear life jackets to!  More kids die of blunt force trauma so they should wear helmets to yah?', 'Death rates from coronavirus (COVID-19) in the United States as of August 9, 2021, by state(per 100,000 people)\ntable column chart\nCharacteristic Number of deaths per 100,000 people\n1) New Jersey  300\n2) New York   276\n3) Massachusetts  263\n4) Rhode Island   259\n5) Mississippi  256', 'If kids end up in the hospital because of his orders I would sue him for medical costs! 💩', 'GOP: “save the unborn babies!!!! We’re pro-life!! “\n\n“Once they’re born, it’s ok to let them suffer and die for our political agenda!”', 'Good thing kids have a 99.95% chance of surviving Covid.', 'She miss 2 checks straight she whooping his arse.', 'The kids are not at risk! Get it through your heads people', "There's a reason why Florida is the worst state in the country right now with Covid, it's as bad as it was at the height of the pandemic last year, and that is all thanks to DeSantis.", 'So glad I expatriated years ago.  The USA is on a steep decline.', 'Cuomo was first, DeSantis is next.', "Masks aren't  stopping covid spread.  Ask NZ and China", 'Local school districts should be able to decide by popular vote what their policies are.', '👏👏👏👏Bravo!! Good for them!!', 'When trying to play “politics” bites you in the butt!!!', 'so the children suffer because of this STUPID mask debate ? he’s a vile man … why hasn’t he be relieved ?', "De santis u have no rights to bully the teacher coz there more important than u. Who teaches ur kids not u but this teacher. U don't pay them it's not ur money it's the people who pay taxes. Teachers are one of the important people coz without them who teaches our kids to become a good citizen but they are the future of this country.", 'I wonder how much dems payed the voters', 'The  real votes on now on OAN  LIVE  , the truth \nhttps://ustvgo.tv/one-america-news-network/', 'Republicans oppose governmental control until it interferes with Republican control of government. Suggesting that Republicans tend towards the hypocritical is an entirely reasonable assessment.', 'This man even wants to control God if this were possible.', 'GOOD GRIEF PEOPLE CAN LIE STRAIGHT THROUGH THERE TEETH DROP THAT MONEY DESANTIS SEE HOW LONG THAT LASTS', 'IS EITHER POLITICS, HOSPITAL, OR CEMETERY YOU DECIDE.🤷\u200d♀️😷💉', "Yeah, the teacher died, but it wasn't my kids fault.🙈🙉", "The schools are saving DeSatan's rear by protecting the children, but DeSatan will still blame them for everything and raise money on it.", 'Defund the schools. It is the only hope our children have.', 'Get’em D!', 'fall in line people, be good little sheep', 'If DeSantis can defy Federal recommendations in the name of "Freedom", then the local governments can defy State orders for the same reason!', "Shame that he's putting his Presidential ambitions ahead of children's safety.....", 'Desantis 2024: Make America Sick Again', "I attended school from 6th grade to 12th grade in Broward County. Taxpayer money pays for education. DeSantis needs to LEARN HIS PLACE; he too gets paid by taxpayer money. Florida, you voted for him, you got him; invite him to your kids' funerals.", 'Is DeSantis helping his chances to be the 2024 Presidential nominee?', 'why is the government making mandates dictating how to run my school district.  get out of my business government.', 'The line in the sand is drawn usually when it comes to children so yeah.. to be expected.', "Parents who don't want their kids wearing mask keep them at home. If so many kids are absent they lose $$ in federal funding. It should be up to the parents if they want their children attending school in that area.", 'Get this govenor out of there!', "Withhold salary?!!! Because we're worried about the children's health/safety?!!! What kind of @#&&€£¥₩ is that?!!!", "DeathSantis does NOT have the authority to withhold salaries without signed permission from the employees involved.  Ask Payroll or HR managers-they will tell you.  I can't wait for him to face the criminal justice system.", 'He’s just upset because he was forced to wear a diaper until high school', 'broward 💀😂', 'Vote DeSantis for 4 more yrs of Covid.', "Way to go !!!! He's a lunatic", 'The schools need to file a lawsuit', 'And now the federal government is having to send hundreds of ventilators to Florida. DeSantis should have his pay deducted for the government having to send so many ventilators to Florida.', "I support more federalist policies but as DeSantis said its about individual choice not Government mandate. If a parent or child wishes to wear a mask then that is their choice and I aint going to tell them not to but people need to stop forcing others to wear one if they don't want to.", "He can't withhold no one's pay check if they working", 'Defund the educators.', 'ask student to wear a mask....but tell them is a whole new level.', "At least some people in Florida still use their brains for more than keeping their head from collapsing as this is a smart decision, something DeSantas doesn't know how to make.Defy Trump 2.0 and tell him where he can go.", "Good job don't let him exposed your kids don't let him keep this crap up DeSantis is the lowest most vile excuse for a human walking", 'Desantis being against big government but wanting to control local government is one of MANY instances of Republicans being hypocrites. They only want government to stay out of peoples lives until they control it. Absurd that deplorables still support a guy willing to put their lives in danger for re-election, yet here we are.', 'DeSantis behavior says this is a purge discuised as a pandemic.\nBehavior=intent..', 'Smells alot like Hitller ushering kids to the gas chambers & being so proud ofit.', 'Prayers to parents and children', 'Do you think all those people will vote for him when he runs for president?', 'Something to consider, #1 Trump Fluffer DeSantis is telling parents if they want to transfer their child to a charter school, he, through tax payer dollars, will support it. These schools are for profit, much like prison systems and represent his donor class.\nTo open a charter school in Florida, there no requirements i.e. higher education in any related fields and you can hire teachers with no relevant experience in education/ teaching etc', 'Cool, all the parents who want to raise theor kids,  ot the school, should pull theor children out a d never return them. Screw these authoritarian fascists.', "We're not going to kill our kids, or someone else's, just for your run on the presidency, DeathSantis!", 'He is legislating for the schools and cities', 'Deathsantis is the ultimate male Karen.', 'I love stupid people making stupid mandates to keep me safe.', "What is insane is that other governing offices/agencies care not stopping this governor. why isn't the Florida AG, the Florida Heath Department, the Florida school boards not stopping this insane governor. Why isn't the Florida State senators and representatives stepping up and stopping this insane governor. We the people...is more powerful than a one mans trip of ego and suicide.", 'New executive order: Parents with children may ignore stop signs while transporting their children. Great job Ron.', 'Just because some individuals want to act like we have returned to pre COVID open, Don’t mean that we should be acting like it’s pre COVID open.', "Whose side is Rhonda Sanchez on when it's time to vote for a governor you better think twice you better get it right and I'm so glad to see the parents the teachers faculty members have come to their senses don't risk our children even though Ron DeSantis don't care", 'hmmhmmm like the school board has any control over what the governor does, such bullshit', "So DeSantis doesn't want his people to get a vaccine or wear a mask ....... But has asked the Federal Government for ventilators.   Florida, please remember this next time he runs", 'Deathsantis looks at the data he saw on fox! Please protect the kids, they have no say!', "don't wear the free max, most from a country we don't trust.", "bruh im in this video and i didn't notice they were filming me", "Someone has to speak for the children's health and wellness. The virus is a fact, not a choice nor is it a freedom to be chosen or not.. The virus is a living organism which wants to live and requires a host. The only way to defeat it is to deny it a host. That simple. Folks, please get vaccinated and let's all wear masks and defeat this dreaded disease. Covid-19 doesn't care if you're Black or White, Democrat or Republican. Please, get educated with good information.", 'Finally some sanity', 'People of Florida are saying they are not willing to sacrifice their children just so De-Insane can appease his Lord and Master Mental Patient 45', "De Santa's just showed the world that his political thinking and aspirations will come before the safety and the health of your children. This kind of thinking shows the outright self-absorbed insanity that the Republican party is well known for today. I have lived in Florida 64 years and the Republican party has never done anything whatsoever to help the people. All they do is take, take and take for themselves. Like George Carlin once said about our government and our politicians, it's a Big Country Club, and You Ain't In It.", 'Florida is being ran by a Dictator', 'I can see Fl turning blue. He trying to kill everyone in Fl', 'Good take the pay and fire them all if they dont comply', "If they are doing it for the kids why require pay and benefits. Shouldn't the goodness of your heart just compel you to teach?", "So we'll have a president who will take away people's livelihoods just because he's stupid and people won't listen to him?", 'Common sense wins out.....thank God.', 'Oh that’s just good ol’ boy deathsantis being his good ol’ boy self again…', 'DeSantis would be put children at risk just to appease master Trump and his cult followers.', "Good  for district's  who stand up to devil  advocate..", 'Stay the course head first sir dont make the kids suffer this year 🙏👍 i see thousands of them going to movies , beach , exercise with no mask', 'It is not the the governor that wants to stop the school district from making their own decisions. It is the school district that wants to stop the people from making their own decisions.', "DeSantis is so dumb he doesn't get that when you're in a hole, stop digging.", 'DeSantis to pull school funding.', "Floridians don't worry about your salaries.. were going to take Desantis salary away.. Biden is working on making sure you get your salary..", 'Why have a mask mandate when corona went away last spring with the warm weather?', 'I hope the governor takes stupid action on his stupid mandate. Republicans pimping to their shrinking base is fun to watch. Other than their voting repression efforts how are they gaining any voters whatsoever?\nDo you trust them with any future crisis?', '555 authoritarians didn’t like that', 'Deathsantis the mini dictator.', 'GOP defunding schools', 'It should be up to the moms and dads, mabey,  biden should close the border,  if covid is so bad?', 'The most important decision should be made to keep the children safe and teachers also.  Masks are not political, or vaccines either.  It seems several Governors need to consider health and safety of the people in their states.', 'Masks are bad for kids and they don’t work. Former vp Biden should close the border and stop thousands coming across with the covid virus. Hypocrisy at its finest.This and Obama’s birthday party.😞', "Hey Ron? You'd better have a really good lawyer. The civil lawsuits are coming your way and I'd expect at least a few criminal charges as well. It might be hard for you to believe but there will be consequences for recklessly endangering children's lives. You didn't know that? Silly Ron.", 'Truly the ultimate Florida man', 'If he pulls funding the the feds could send the money.', 'Same thing happened in Blue States so its nothing new...😏', 'Pull school funding!', 'A mandate is nothing but a suggestion. The masks are optional.', 'Right,  just like covid went up for the CPAC in Florida.  After Trump canceled covid disappeared.', "Kudos to school districts to protecting children school board members to defy DeSantis's threats!", 'These teachers are heroes.', 'Republican governments believe voters have a choice, unless that choice is voting for Democrats, then they will gladly overturn it.', 'Trump 2024 🇺🇸 #latinosfortrump we’re tired of this socialist ideology from the left. We need a real man/woman in the main building', 'I am glad that the school board is standing up for  the children.  I hope that all schools will stand up for the children.', 'Show me the data that says mask mandates work', 'Remember this is the guy who is opposed to interfering with smaller government', 'Power to the PEOPLE!!!!', "If there was a 99.7% chance that you didn't have cancer, would you still get chemotherapy? Me either.", 'Don’t cuomo desantis', 'Civil war against the school system', 'He is such a follower of trumpy that he does anything for defying the country health mandates.', "Look at DeSantos' huge pupils!!! Seriously!  Address that!", "Is there any chance that we'll have a stand off between state/local police? Just wanna know when to turn off Pornhub and start ****ing to this sh**!!", 'People will fight to give their rights away...', 'Kids aren’t affected and parents should have a choice. Wear a mask if you want to but stay they hell out of my business.', 'Don’t these guys take the oath of office “to protect the citizens of this states”? Then why do they act like 1 man show?', 'lucky kids in that school, as for the rest . . . lol idk sorta feel bad', 'Desantis is already blaming brown people', 'Its the parents decision!', 'At least those that need government to dictate their parenting will be better off without them making life decisions for them🤣🤣🤣', 'I could swear I remember someone in high authority say that we were rounding the turn, we are going to be fine, this virus will just disappear, it will be like a miracle and just go away….', 'STOP INFLICTING PSYCHOLOGICAL DAMAGE TO OUR YOUNG GENERATION!', 'De Santos another guy off his rocker where do these people come from.', 'public and/ or CHILD ENDANGERMENT', 'Stick it to him, Broward County.', "He's really trying to kill children..damn.", 'Nah !!! ARREST THEM NOW!', 'Why not have vaccinated/masked schools and unvaccinated/unmasked schools. Bus kids to the appropriate school. That way all parents can make the choice for their child.', 'GOOD 👍👍', "So the governor of Florida complains school districts aren't obeying him, yet he's completely unaware he's disobeying the President. So which is it? Is the government the authority, Gov. DeSantis, or is it not? \n\nIf you won't follow governmental suggestions and rules, why should anyone follow yours? If you won't respect the needs of businesses and families and schools, why should they respect your mandates?\n\nCut off funding for those schools and counties. Watch what happens. Watch what happens to autocrats in this country. \n\nCan't believe you don't see how you're doing precisely what you're accusing your political rivals of doing-- trying to control people because they disagree with you. \n\nPersuasion, sir. Persuasion and reason. Not intimidation, not coercion, not punishment or retribution. Persuasion.\n\nWhen that doesn't work, go with people's personal freedom, local need and local knowledge, as you've always championed. Trust people know their community's needs better than you.", 'IF ANY KIDS DIE, SEND THOSE EVILS DIRECTLY TO JAIL!!!', "It's ust a mas. WHAT IS THE BIG DEA?", "Lol..this is a trump state, they should have turned blue when they had a chance..so this is just entertainment for me. I'll sit back in NC with my mask on and laugh.", "Let's vote DeSantis out period.", 'Jesus Christ saves from sin.\nRomans 3: 23\nFor all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;\nHebrews 9: 27 \nAnd as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:\nIsaiah 64: 6 \nBut we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.\nRevelation 21: 8\nBut the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.\nRomans 5: 8 \nBut God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.\nJohn 3: 16 \nFor God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.\nJohn 14: 6\nJesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.\nRomans 10: 9-10. \nThat if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.\nFor with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.\nJesus said John 5: 24 \nVerily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.\n1John 5: 10-13\nHe that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.\nAnd this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.\nHe that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.\nThese things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.\nEphesians 2: 8-9 \nFor by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:\nNot of works, lest any man should boast.\nRomans 8: 1 \nThere is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.\n1 Corinthians 15: 3-4\nFor I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;\nAnd that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:\n2 Corinthians 5: 21\nFor he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.\n,.............................................................', 'I was born and raised in Florida and so have my children. We are taking better safe than sorry. We are wearing our masks not only in a store or crowned area but everywhere. I can not make everyone else to do the right thing but we pray that they will. If not for themselves but for family and your friends. \nThank you to all the school members for making this stand.', 'Florida people needs to voted out the clown 🤡', 'Cool, fire all of them', 'GOOD', 'If there were another word for Pathetic DeSantis would be it!', 'YESSS!!! The same needs to happen in my native Texas!', 'Time to defund the school board.', 'Is DeSantis making a huge mistake?', 'Obama already provided its bs !', 'Maybe we need to stop wearing seatbelts. It’s government mandated into law 😂 And in Florida, his voters are old white ppl,  not educated middle class. He’s catering to those voters.', "Can we report what's going on in New York", 'Good on them, save the kids, not Desantis', 'DeSantis flirting with nepotism', "CNN  where's Chris Cuomo? I can't find him.", 'I don’t understand how this turned into being a Democrat versus Republican issue. It boggles the mind the tribalism, and lack of compassion. It should be about public safety. Perhaps if the infected turned into zombies or disfigured on the outside, instead of within, maybe Republicans might be a little more concerned about Grandma, grandpa, mom,  dad and autoimmune children. Maybe??', "Why not, he'd lose in court", 'DeSANTIS should decertify them forthwith', 'You can still wear a mask if you like. Stop being babies.', 'Keep the school staff and kids as safe as possible, Deathsantis is so wrong on this...', 'Florida voted for DeSantis. Florida is getting DeSantis. It is what it is.', 'Its an Anti Mandate. What\'s wrong with putting the choice in parents hands? It doesn\'t mean you CANT have a mask on, just that you shouldn\'t be "forced" to wear one. Geez. Wear a mask if you want too, no one cares.', "Does anyone care what the parents think? If they want their kid to wear a mask, guess what, they can can wear a mask. Yall are acting like he's banning masks all together. Idiots", '"It\'s all about our kids\' future, not money, you sorry Republican!"', 'Anything to avoid the Cuomos.', 'Its about fkn time it was realized that under NO CIRCUMSTANCES do you allow anti science fool tell you what to do. To teach science in schools and then alkow a clear fool who cant accept science make the rules. IS hypicrisy and sends a horrible message to tbe children. There is NO such thing as alternative facts..  thats called a lie.', 'Good for them', 'Good cuz obviously this guy has lost his mind', 'well when dems threaten to take funding and hurt the schools i would think so', 'Pull your kids out of that school district. Pull your support for that district.', 'Poor InSantis.  Bluff called.', 'What steps is needed to be  taken to get Abbott out of Office..?..', "He is just the media 's next target to take down.", 'I agree with desantis\nSmall government pls', 'On Cris Cuomo and his misdeeds related to his big brother\'s situation:\n\n"When it comes to credibility and trust, people don’t see individual reporters or news organizations. They see \'the media.\'\xa0So when one journalist or outlet makes questionable choices, the tarnish can easily spread to others.\xa0And make no mistake about it, Cuomo’s choices in this situation are questionable – at best." - Kathleen Bartzen Culver, director of the Center for Journalism Ethics\n\nOh don\'t worry Kathleen, the majority of people knew very well about Chris before this, as well as CNN\'s credibility. They didn\'t need any more help. This is just the cherry on top.', "Claims to be pro life, but don't care about kids, kiss off DeSatan", 'The school board do not have rights.  The parents have rights.  Neither do schools have choice as they can only follow the school board.', 'Hopefully DeSantis is on his way to get voted out next election 🙏', 'It make me wonder if this man have any little children mmm', 'Glad not all Florida is insane...', 'What’s the kids mortality? Bunch of hypocrites and greedy Pharma trolls ...', 'His ACTUAL NAME is :\nRon “Death Sentence”\n\nPeace ✌️', 'Florida always Florida', 'Eat your meatloaf Tina...🦙', 'This is the equivalent of having a peeing section in a pool.  DeSatan knows that.  This is a purely political calculation.', 'Yes Mr. Pinocchio!', 'Please put up go fund if there’s any economic sponsorship,I’ll definitely all in!keeping all kids safe in our country!', 'Stand by your sides! I sincerely hope these kids and educators can have a safe environment they decide. The evil politicians get away.', 'Broward... the most incompetent and corrupt county in Florida', 'Thank you teachers for putting up with the spawn of these garage people.', 'Desantis vs dead kids parents..who do you think is going to win?', "Desantis ain't going to do shit.", 'Parents who don’t vaccinate shouldn’t be allowed to send their kids to school. Period.', 'True Heroes.', 'The governor is like the real Life version of mayor larry vaughn from jaws 1975 and he would feed the Children to the sharks in this case the virus for his presidential ambitions.', 'But they can still wear masks.whats the problem?', 'Let the parents decide not elected Democrat school board members! Democrats are playing politics!!', "@CNN it figures you're more concerned about FL's Gov than NY's (soon to be former) Gov.", 'Of course he did. Republicans always use extortion.', "So much misinformation on here... He's not banning masks people, he is banning the mandates!  Your kids can still wear masks its up to them and the parents, NOT the government.", 'Virginia has more cases', 'This degenerate will never exceed outside of Florida politics. Let Florida have him.', 'Sue him', 'Ron thinks everyone is moved by money like he is. Sorry, some things are more important.', "Republicans: Decisions should be made locally. \nRepublicans: We'll sue and withhold funding to local government if they defy us.", 'As the death toll ramps up, DeSantis will have to back off.  Good move!!', 'Can we withhold Desantis pay until the pandemic is over', 'My children are not political footballs. They are human beings... \nDeSanitize has no right. Every goddamn school district in Florida needs to fight this.', 'The DeathSantis Variant more deadly ⚰ than Delta Variant 😳', 'Schools set their dress codes all the time.', 'Some people like me on my ofter group who want to see truth and just everyone to understand what really going on that why stop trusting media and government but we should listen was right not ofter people word', "I live here, have no kids.  But I hope you all are calling Morgan and Morgan for a lawsuit against this.  Someone's right to not wear a mask -- really?  Their right should end where the rest of our rights begin.  If parents want to send their kids to schools that don't wear masks, consider their kids their personal political science experiment GO FOR IT.  With 20 percent of  our cases being children, glad the school boards are being responsible.", 'Serious lack of discipline in the world.', 'And the hate continues in the comments. Even threats. What is wrong with our fellow Americans 😱😨', 'This staff is lying they are not giving families their rights', 'Anti vaxxers and non maskers need to home school', 'WE ARE BEHIND BROWARD. COUNTY!', 'He needs to be impeached immediately if he makes good on his threat.', 'The Faulty PCR test and Testing people with no Sxs with a Faulty test is whats keeping this BS going, The Test cannot distinguesh between C-19 from the common Cold or Influenza how do they know its Delta Varient when the test cannot distinguesh ? its about false data pushing fear and pushing compliance and control', "Palm Beach county did the same. It's bullchit. Screw the board members.", 'Death Santis is a disgrace for Floridians,am saying cause am Floridian.', 'Omg shut them up , we need there address so we can be there like they did all last year ... I’m pressing them do ur job and report the truth not fake news', 'Good Job Schools!!!  Protect the kids. Start a go fund me for any employees that DeSantis tries to rip off.', 'This CLOWN 🤡', 'Masks work, Ron. Next. 🙄', 'He’s gotta go', 'defund ALL school districts!!!', 'But their pro-life lol', 'Lmaoo so children have to keep masks on but Obama can throw a mask less part of 700 people? What a joke 😂 desantis 2024.', 'CNN, you really need to stop pretending you are journalists or honest. Just enough already. History will show your family, friends, kids, how much of a clown show you are gonna daily basis', "Don't  alwow  a politician to kill your child for his political  desire  .", 'WoW. Biggest A-hole  on the planet? Cage fight! Florida vs.Texas! Fight! Hadouken!, Hadouken! desantis in a dress throws children of the  lifeboat to save himself!, abbott one ups and kills constituants, florida blames it on illegals! This is getting dirty, folks! Wait! Both are asking for respirators? And Hospital staff?....... Wait till next week, (after donations) to hear the thrilling conclusion that never ends!!!!', 'Wait….? So the school district used science and education to defy their killer governor and save more lives? Remarkable', 'Governor Death....  Unreal 😒', "I think he's right....leave it to parents..don't send kids to school sick...dang...is this that difficult...if he had ruled the other way. ..parents would be raising hell because they didn't have a choice..can't have it both ways people", 'Go Broward!', 'Desantis 2024 !!!', 'Recall deathsantis!!!', 'A question for all the people against what desantis is doing. What do you think faucis explanation of the covid situation at the border would be? We need that answer because right now what it screams is "we don\'t think the virus is very serious. "', 'The Lord Jesus Christ is returning soon.. We are so close.!!! Please, get close to The Lord 🙏🏼 The time is near.\nYou do not want to be left behind for the things that will come upon the earth 🥺\nJesus Christ bled and died on the cross, was buried , and rose again the third day 🙏🏼\nWhosoever believes in this shall not perish , but have everlasting life. \nJesus was sent not to condemn the world, but that the world shall be saved through Him . The Lord is our salvation. Jesus is the truth, the way , and the life ...and none shall come to The Father except through Him... That if you shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 🙏🏼🙌🏼', 'Some of you are so brainwashed. He\'s not DICTATING that you cannot wear masks in school. He\'s simply allowing the parents to have the CHOICE to dictate whether or not THEIR children wear masks. Some of you have fallen to love the boot of tyranny. You love being mandated, dictated and therefore punished if you don\'t comply with an authority figure. It helps you feel "safe" not realizing that nothing is more dangerous than an authoritarian government.', 'Exactly what needs to be done, stand up to the big bully and do what’s right for the children…not his political agenda.', 'Thanks for the fear porn.', 'Let parents choose. Don’t be fascist.', 'De Satanist slope is beginning to get SLIPPERY for him.', '👍 good', 'When you have to make a mandate to force an entity to allow freedom of choice you’re in a no win situation. And of course dems twist that around to claim he acts just like they do except they know freedom is not their agenda.', "Mandates FORCE people to wear a mask. The Governor wants to give free American citizens and their children the CHOICE to wear a mask. It's called basic human rights and one most people would agree with. If you want to wear a mask, then wear a mask. Don't tell people what to do when it comes to their own health and well being.", "Take their ✔'s", 'That is the spirit of an educator!', 'Get rid of all republicans so we can rebuild the country', 'Why is the wearing of a mask such a big damn deal? Have you been in a classroom lately, you can barely social distance in there and kids can still spread the virus to each other and their teachers, who also have families at home. Clearly, no lesson was learned from 2020. This virus is not going away, so all we can do is try to live with it as best we can and if that mean wearing a mask indoors, then so be it.', 'The school needs to be shut down now', 'let kids breathe!', 'Failure.  It’s what the public schools do best', '2:36', "I'm beginning to think this DeSantis fella might be a bit sociopathic.", 'Ask Chris how Andrew is working out. 😂😂😂', 'DeSantis is utter trash,if even 1 child loses their life or ends up with long term issues because of his evil policies then hope he pays a huge price.', 'This country is so screwed up lately.', 'GREAT JOB GOVERNOR  DESANTIS', 'Would DeSantis be willing to give up his salary to force everyone not to wear a mask? The schools in FL that are willing to have wearing mask mandates that their hearts in the right place. This shows us that DeSantis does not care about kids, just his donors. Plus, if he starts withholding pay - he gets into a lot of legal issues. You legally cannot with hold pay.', 'What about the homeless people dying on the street for no having food or shelter, they should mandate help to those people they died everyday and I don’t see the president worry about it', 'These Republicans want it both ways', 'Sounds like a failure to me', "If people don't want to wear a mask, why force them? If you feel like the mask works, then it shouldn't matter if someone else is wearing one. Not sure why the media is constantly encouraging people to give up their rights to choose what they want to do with regard to their health. You never get your rights back even when the CDC changes their mind again about the masks working or not.", 'As someone who escaped totalitarian system, I see that DeSantis tries totalitarian tricks to control everyone.  Lucky there are people who care.', 'HOME SCHOOL  ITS SIMPLE', 'CNN getting a head start on the 2024 presidential candidates.. What a joke. Journalism is dead', "Basically, I'm going to follow the guidelines of scientists and doctors. DeSantis and others of his ilk aren't the experts; they're just selfish talking heads for their party.", 'The rhetoric is ridiculous here the head official of the school was not even wearing a mask during her interview....SMH Stand up everyone an do it together without politics, race, or religion getting in our ways... Which has been blinding the masses with their fake NEWS....', 'Wow grown adults loving the fact their choices made for them, sad. You could always wear a mask he gave the parents the option. Dictators dictate, I wonder who the authoritarians are🤔', 'These governors think they are Kings.', 'Parents use school as a free babysitter.', 'what planet are we on?', 'He also said if you want to wear a mask do it. If you want the vaccine do it. He’s saying that MANDATING THOSE OPTIONS ARE NOT OK. Its pathetic to see how many stupid people comment in between bashing Trump on every other video. Lol It really shows where your minds really are.', "Best Guv in America. He should immediately do an executive order to allow children to leave that anti American, madrassas district and go to an American school. Kids take state money with them. He is a smart AMERICA LOVING man and this will not go down the way the anti American teacher's union, anti American Administration and anti American school board thinks it will.", 'My body my choice', 'Kamala still wearing her mask ,did she get VACCINATED???', 'Go Florida schools!!!!!!!', 'Let the parents decide.', 'DeSantis and family have been vaccinated.', 'Why, why why is the governor not looking at the numbers? Floridians " at the end of the day, governor come and go, but you have only one life \' protect your kids and yourself,', 'No offense ya all, but did ya see the big maskless party Obama had?!', "That superintendent is very professional and great at her job. Thinking about the big picture and keeping children safe. Parents and kids need to comply with masks until it's safe to go without", 'Go DeSantis!   No one believes cnn', "I've got mandates I'm going to ignore.", 'Good maSK UP', 'Good for them!!\nThe Mutiny Begins!!!!', 'GEEEZ...its just a mask...a shot!!', 'And they say Republicans are pro-life.', 'If people believed the governor was not protecting children in the state, that would be the end of the governor. Parents will never shut up if their kids were placed in danger.', "So let's keep torturing children, makes sense..", "What is the big deal hes not making you wear one does it mean that you don't have to wear one.  People are going crazy nowadays", 'I thought America is the "land of the free"? I thought for Republicans the government can\'t be small enough? And now deSantis forces Floridians to be maskless in schools? Now deSantis is endangering the weakest members of society, who should always be extra protected, the children? What\'s his agenda behind it? Making parents hate him, since most get very angry if you try to harm their kids? Or does he want to be voted out of office? What does he think he will gain of it?', 'Hahahahaha......🤣', "CNN hates Florida and Fox hates California. Too bad these two propaganda machines don't go by the way of Tupac and Biggy.", 'DeSantis’ career is officially over…he just doesn’t know it yet.  😷😷😷', 'IMAGINE IF PANDEMIC MANAGEMENT WAS AN OLYMPIC SPORT.\r\nNew Zealand finished the Covid race with 26 deaths 1 year ago.\r\nChina finished the race on 14 January 2021 with 4,636 deaths.\r\nAmerica is still struggling mid way through the race with 634,608 Covid deaths with 700 more each day.', 'Parents choice not school board.', 'so the schools are half arseing it', "This message is for All Americans your being played like a Banjo from both sides I've heard enough of the HORSESHIT I've warned you because I love you Talk To Texas i won't be silent i intend to use their news media to talk to you", "When political leaders are making important health decisions we've already lost", "Reminds me of jim jones desantis his a cereal killer in sheep's clothing", '🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌✅✅🤛🤛👍👍👍', 'Mt Vernon school board meeting.', 'Yes china news network keeping up the propaganda', "I was a teacher in FL for several years. If one of my students had died due to bad decision making I would have been devastated. I'm actually glad I don't live in FL anymore. Choose life over politics!!!!", 'I need to move to Florida', 'yep strip their money away', 'Local control of schools is what is on the line here. I think they are wrong but let the voters decide', 'Good for are teachers 👏', 'DeSantis wanted to Captain the SS Florida. He has now endangered both the ship and the crew. The crew are now commandeering control away from the mad captain before he runs the ship aground.', 'Does anyone really watch this fake news anymore?', 'How dare the federal government tell us what do!\nHey you, local government, do as I - the state - say!', 'DeathSantis is a wannabe dictator.   "It\'s bout choice..."   Err.... ur not letting the district to choose..  The irony.  A failed governor.', 'School band kar do Corona ho Gayega 😀😀', 'Local, like family local.', 'Floridians are lucky that the governor is also a virologist.', "One thing about America is, you are supposed to be free from anyone telling you what you can and can't do unless you are explicitly breaking the law. I have no idea why we let these people believe we don't get to have a choice.", 'Seems like withholding salaries might be unconstitutional. Withholding earmarked funding as well.', 'Good she wants to work for free - let her.', 'Education above stupidity', 'May God Bless us ALL with humanity and wisdom.\nVaccination is a gift for life.', '👍🏻……thanks for doing what is right for the safety of all these children.', 'The school needs to be shut down then', "Fussing about mask but it's OK for open border not knowing what's coming through there I see some hypocrisy here", 'Leave it to a black woman to clean up the mess of a white man.  Yeah I said it.', 'DeSantis should stop threatening!', "Believe in GOD you don't die .✝️😇😇😇😇😇😇", 'CNN says we’re f’d', 'Good', 'Good job ignoring Governor Death Sentence!', 'Cut their pay', 'Is it communism or power play.', 'Massage Is Needed Daily', "Good for them. Let's be clear, 20% of all hospitalized covid cases are children. He even banned the schools from informing parents if there is a outbreak in their schools. So the schools are forced to tell parents about a lice breakout but not a covid! Hmm 🤔 yeah that makes sense. NOT!", 'Peoples choice', 'They should be jailed', 'Typical liberal.........you must follow my rules!......', 'Crack heads, your messing up the kids for life….\nThank god my kids have been in a private school mask free for over a year…', 'Ron (you can all)Di(e) Santis', 'History will not be kind to DiSantis', 'So just defund the school', 'The fact that he cares about buttering up the GOP for his predictable 2024 run more than the safety of children shows a lot about his character', 'Deathsantis', 'Fort Detrick Enigma: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxDS8GGcPcA', 'So it is "Do as as I say, not do as I do"? He will disregard federal recommendation, but he demands everyone in his state to obey him. A upcoming dictator there.'], ['"He wants to thank the woman"\n😅🤣😆', 'And at the end of it all, he will go back to his mansion and make millions speaking on college campuses.', '“I want to thank the women” \nYeah, automatically not trusting this guy. Keep that NY 💩 up there!\n\nGang gang. Onward.', 'I love this it’s poetic justice after running his mouth about other people and where is Rosie Perez, Robert DeNiro, Billy Crystal, Ben Stiller now that their hero is in trouble lmao', 'The fact he dragged his daughters into it without them talking is low, that’s so low I swear!', "I can only imagine what's happening behind the curtain of censorship, especially in those closed door meetings.", 'Cuomo last week: Turns into Bill Clitton\n\nCuomo this week: Turns into Richard Nixon', '“Became the public square”\n\nTotally agree. Which is why they have no right to censor anyone', 'You only have to hear him thank the women that accused him to know how disingenuous this speech is.', 'Frozone: “And he starts Monologuing!”', '“Personal boundaries must be expanded and must be protected.”\n\nOkay you lockdown-loving psychopath. Thanks for killing all those grannies ❤️', 'Believe all women....except THESE women. Basically what hes been saying lol. Oh and say hi to fredo for me andy', '"I love you, you love me, lets get together in some adultery.....with some high minded politics thrown into the mix, come on all, we can do the fix."', 'Can’t wait to hear hodgetwins roast this dude 😂', '“Thank you” for your “sacrifice.” Keep your hands to yourself.', '"In his mind he did nothing wrong" - (D) Andrew Cuomo', "I don't think Cuomo knows the definition of love. Love is willing the highest good for the other. Not getting your rocks off.", 'Perhaps he can just Segway onto co hosting his brothers show or providing "political analysis" as a "CNN contributor" since they coordinate so well...', 'He\'ll be back.  Full of platitudes about how he has been humbled by the experience and has learned so much and now wants to return to "serve" the rest of us.  Few years max.', 'Love how he says he thanks the women who came forward with allegations of sexual harassment, but then he spends most of the rest of the time talking about how he thinks the allegations are bullshit. Real convincing way to “take full responsibility.”', "This is Felica's last (Hopefully) Nice, Loving, BullSh!t speech.", 'Gotta love the headline ... he apologizes for "offending 11 women" ....... don\'t minimize this or anything.', 'I honestly feel this is a distraction by him and his people to skirt the responsibility for the people he killed in all those nursing homes', 'Oh, He was just expressing the love to his co-workers', 'WOW! CNN is covering this. Shocking. But love watch the extreme gaslighting but he has a point on the grounds where political policies is debated.', 'His mother, Mrs. Cuomo Sr. must be so proud. mama mia', 'Defense is "Hey I\'ve been doing this my whole life" 😂', 'Now the leftist corporate media that enabled him for years should "resign".', "I accept full responsibility,,,,  now that I've been caught.    🤓", 'In the eternal words of Nelson Muntz: "HA ha"', 'About time to clean house in Washington DC… all those men now are sweating hard!', "He's so full of it...more individuals like him need to be brought down.", "You don't resign when you're innocent, you fight it, but we all know he did it. Fredo is crying with his crossfit kettle bells right now 🤣🤣🤣", '"I love New York, especially the ladies!"', 'This is sad to see. He is toxic male through and through. Says he takes full responsibility but then deflects and calls it politics. Narcissists are out here narcing.', 'Her body said no, but her words said "Don\'t touch me." Tough times for the Cuomo legacy.', 'When his staff described him as a "hands on leader", who would have known.', 'The Fact that it took the me too movement, to get this horrible governor out of office. Instead of all the seniors that he killed in nursing homes because of his horrible decisions. \nShows us what really matters. \nHe kills people, nothing happens it gets swept under a rug. A few women come out against him, he has to resign. I see what people really care about.', "Bet you'll see him stocking shelves in a local grocery store 5 years from now.", 'On Cris Cuomo and his misdeeds related to his big brother\'s situation:\n\n"When it comes to credibility and trust, people don’t see individual reporters or news organizations. They see \'the media.\'\xa0So when one journalist or outlet makes questionable choices, the tarnish can easily spread to others.\xa0And make no mistake about it, Cuomo’s choices in this situation are questionable – at best." - Kathleen Bartzen Culver, director of the Center for Journalism Ethics\n\nOh don\'t worry Kathleen, the majority of people knew very well about Chris before this, as well as CNN\'s credibility. They didn\'t need any more help. This is just the cherry on top.', 'Typical "I\'m sorry that you felt offended" apology that taints his entire speech.', 'Before he leaves 14 days from now, he should fire the guy who wrote the speech.  This is NUTS', 'That interpreter is great.', '"Offending" CNN cannot be more leftist. Showing its true colors.', "Wow so he's resigning The Barrage of legal troubles that's going to come this way it's a perfect storm for chaos and craziness🤔", 'Cuomo: "Where shall I go?"\nBack stabbing Democrats: "Frankly, my dear, I don\'t give a damn"', 'Adios, “LuvGuv”!  What a tool!', 'This whole video is basically explaining how he is amazing and he did nothing wrong', "It's too bad CNN provided cover to this guy while he was sending the elderly to a certain death and groping women.", 'Just as a casual reminder, when a politician takes an oath for office, there should be some mention of sexual harrasment not being part of their job description.', "If he spoke normally that's a 4 minute speech.", "well now he will be able to spend more time with kids (like 'Desmond is Amazing')", "Laugh out loud!!!!!  He thanks the accusers for revealing he's a pervert!", '💯, personal boundaries especially in public hire more officers through our D.O.J. to safe guard the streets who take commands not give them....', 'Omg, this is the worst "apology" ever. He is the worst. So dishonest.', 'This the reason why Chris went on vacation. Right on time', 'Should’ve limited his “indiscretions” to getting his knob polished by interns half his age… would’ve been able to stay in office. 🤣', 'Cuomo completes the trifecta...3 consecutive New York Democrat Governors leave office in disgrace. Spitzer, Paterson and Mr. Gold standard himself.', 'I feel like this is one video CNN wishes they would never have to release', "Fredo said that Andrew is single and ready to mingle. Now that he is gonna have time on his hands, go get some lovin' ladies.", "Wolf's interview with Pelosi--now that was journalism--it was priceless", 'I need to thank this guy for stepping down an acknowledging the flaw in the system “which is for an against humanity \n\n\n\n\n\n\nJeff Epstein', '*Justice for Tara Reade !*\n2% Kamala:   _"I know a predator when I see one"_ \n2% Kamala:   *_"I believe ALL Biden’s Accusers"_*\n..........👴💤 :   *-BELIEVE WOMEN-*  ✌️😷✌️  *-BELIEVE SURVIVORS-*', 'He should get an emmy for the leading role in the horror movie Andy really LOVES New York and all HER splender', 'Cuomo is still talking and I had to write a note for a moment… Has he resigned yet?', 'It’s very easy to imagine that this is the same person. Any person with a sense for people knew he was a dirtbag.', 'I don’t like him but it’s funny he finally realizes that all the PC stuff, generally speaking, has gone way too far. Not saying it has in his case but it definitely has in general.', 'It’s so much fun to see them eat their own! 😂🤣', '“The line has been redrawn” What a liar!', 'Per the letter of HIS OWN law, his intent matters less than not at all.\n“He needs to understand the rules.”  He SIGNED THE RULES INTO LAW!', 'Coumo Sr. had to resign over sexual harassment. Aahhh yes like father like son. 😉 Trump2024 🇺🇸', 'So while a great New York statesmen and scion of a political dynasty resigns behind sexual-harrassment allegations; the 2nd rise of a Hitler-esque authoritarian who incited an insurrection and attempted a soft coup, continues. I felt this same way when Al Franken...a brilliant senator and great individual...resigned.', 'Now, he is out of the news and we won’t have to hear about him again…….🤥🤥🤥', "Now he's running away so he can avoid conviction & jail time. That's exactly what will happen.  He'll get away with it.   When these people know they will get convicted they resign & everything is forgotten.  He will not get what he deserves from the nursing home scandal or sexual assault charges", 'I do feel somewhat bad for him...nothing like getting burned by your own people', 'I love that dude. He was a great governor and leader.', 'If he greets his daughters like he greets his staffers, then he gets a pass. I highly doubt he grabs them on the face and kisses them on the lips though.', 'All I heard was "this is really the only way I can continue cashing in on taxpayer money"', 'Breaking news: Gov. Cuomo accepts new leadership position at Activision Blizzard.', 'How will Crissy and lemonhead react to this? oh, yeah, Crissy is on " planned vacations" LOL, I wanna see Dumb Ledum`s reaction, if he haves the balls to talk about it, I already know that he will defend the Cuomos though.', 'Proverbs 11:10 "When the righteous prosper, the city rejoices; when the wicked perish, there are shouts of joy."', 'Fredo and Lamont need to go next', 'Cuomo: Let me Mansplain my crude, out of touch sociopathic behavior and paint myself as victim.\nEveryone Else: Pftt. Whatever. Don’t let the door hit you on the way out."', 'One down, many more Dems and Rinos to go.', "I love how he said he wasn't aware of how the lines have shifted in regards to workplace attitudes and sexual misconduct, meanwhile the allegations against him state that he would grope the breasts and buttocks of women and make suggestive comments to them.\nLike... that was never allowed. Ever. This isn't a shift in attitude, it's a lack of decency and him committing these acts for God knows how long. Good riddance. But it's a shame that this is what he's getting thrown out for. His COVID response, where he laughably wrote a book, should be the reason he was ousted. Thousands of additional people died early on in the pandemic because of his decisions and actions to place sick elderly back into care homes. And again, he had the audacity to write a book and parade around like he did a good thing. His actions killed thousands. That's far more egregious.", '“…oooh Winthorpe. I’m glad your parents are not alive to see this…” Trading Places movie—', 'now can they investigate the thousands of elderly he sent to their deaths in the rest homes.', "I wonder what finally caused him to change his mind? He certainly wasn't taking any advice from Biden. \n\nIn his defense, who actually does listen to Biden? Red states? Dems? China, Russia? No, no, no, no and no.", 'ALL HE HAD TO SAY, WAS I WAS WRONG AND I AM. STEPPING DOWN!!', 'Let\'s see a "Fredo and Bro Comedy Hour" episode about this!', 'Everyone have a MAGA-GOOD evening', 'We as men MUST fight until the end when in the face of false allegations or else these women will continue time and time again to create false allegations and NOT be held accountable for their actions just Emmit Tills devilish liar who is STILL ALIVE AND NEVER ARRESTED but got innocent Emmit murdered by r@cist devils.', 'He needs just one thing and it travels at 760 Mps.', 'Now we are just waiting on Fredo to put his in as well!', "Personal boundaries don't need to be expanded, just respected.", "He thinks by resigning he won't go to jail......\nAnd what about the nursing home deaths he caused?.has that been swept under the political rug?", 'You liberals are losing .left right and center l LOL', 'This makes me think of that scandal song from the 80\'s...\n"GOODBYE TO YOUUUUU, GOODBYE TO YOU! GOODBYE TO YOUUUUUUUUUU OHHHHHHHHH GOODBYE TO YOU"', 'He said he sat his "three jewels" on the couch to explain to them how they should spread their wings....hmmmmmm.', 'Newsome in California next !', '*I want to her from CNN’s weak brother FREDO* 😂 “He’s smart, not like dumb” 🤪', 'CNN heroes are really falling fast now.\nAvenatti, Cuomo, the other Cuomo you might know, Newsome will be right behind, Pelosi and Schumer after that then Biden', "Lol @ Dems having a problem with the Twitter crowd when it's turned against them.", 'Cuomo:  Touchy, feely and sexual suggestions.   Dems go after him.\nTrump:  Actually does the deed, and pays them off with campaign money.   GQP defends hiim.  \n\nGo figure.', "No, a seismic moment to discuss woman's rights and fair treatment was the Brock Turner case. \nIt was a clear disregard for how women should be treated.", 'Cuomo. We salute you with the middle finger.', 'CNN cut 4 minutes of the beginning of this announcement. He said that all of these is false! And his Lawers approved it!', "As they say, after Woke haves no more victims they will turn on each other. That's where they get there power, and there is satisfaction in gaining power.", 'Aww man it’s one of many resignations that need to happen hopefully New York gets someone decent! And California', 'He’s taking his large q tip and going home.', 'Andrew Como resigning is like getting Al Kapone for tax evasion', 'What a man to call himself out! Respect bud... However..... 😂', 'Didn’t know Ted Cruz was an interpreter…', 'This guy is the greatest actor of all time ..give him an Oscar please! His brother has to go too…KARMA INDEED!', "*I can bet he made a deal to Resign so he won't get Prosecuted in return.*", "I am sad and with mixed  emotions to see him go, I do believe some of the ladies but not all of them . I am sure that some of them are lying because they didn't get what they wanted. for the other lady the trooper was outside, she should have run to them and tell them what happen and not wait sooooooo long to do so.", "And to think the leftists were all worried that Tump might try to find some way to pardon himself. I'd be more worried about Cuomo doing that now.", "Analysts: he's a GREAT COMMUNICATOR", 'Shameful CNN instead of giving both sides an opportunity you reported only one side. The AG report is flawed ….. media frenzy and all that cancel culture. You weren’t partial, just the parroted propaganda\nNot defending Cuomo, but your reporting was partial and one-sided\nYou call this journalism?', 'When one or two people make complaints about someone it could be anything. When the numbers climb as these have the likely hood of the complaints being true is almost certain. Especially after an extensive investigation.  He has done the right thing. Perhaps his actions just might make the next character think before grabbing someones body, maybe.', 'Ok so Biden is accused of the same allegations so let\'s have his accusers come to the table after all the democrats said "believe all women"', 'Am I the only one that grew up as a woman knowing every single year of my life had to deal with men and it was just the way it was and now it’s changing that’s a good thing but let me tell you I really like Governor Cuomo and I thought he did a great job and I applaud him and I think he’s a great father because I’ve heard testimonies from his daughters and I think he actually cares about this country', 'I think everyone understands what is going on here', 'I want to thank all the firefighters, who take care of us in natural disasters, the health care workers', 'Still trying to blame it on everything but himself', "You made new York a place to leave with you're polices.", 'Another demarat go’s down.  \nAnd his brother’s intern isn’t here any more 🤔', 'Took him long enough. Nevertheless he did the right thing', 'This guy looks like all three Sopranos in one😆😂😂😂😆', "Even an idiot knows to keep their hands to themselves, especially in the workplace.  It's common sense.", 'There will likely be one silver lining to this situation - CNN will hire Andrew Cuomo as a commentator on combating the covid virus.', 'His face and eyes shows his predation, treachery, lying. Karmic zap. What goes around comes around', 'Now the murder investigations of the elderly can begin in earnest.', "So he's basically painting himself as the hero for stepping down in order to spare New Yorkers months of 'political and legal controversies'.  What a swell guy. His political career is done.", 'Now I want to know want Fredo has to say about this.', 'Well at least now you guys can go back to complaining about how Trump wipes his butt with his left hand.', 'I’d never liked Cuomo, even though I live in New Jersey.', '*we’ve raped and murdered our way into making New York…Venezuela.\n\nWow, bravo.', '*”We must trust ALL woman” Cuomo*\nYOU GOT IT SIR 😆 WE WILL DO THAT', "Is this a resignation speech or an award ceremony speech? I'm confused lol", "I'm very confused. In the few years of the me too movement and none of these women spoke to higher ups prior to this investigation? Don't get me wrong, he deserved the investigation but no one told him to stop hugs and kisses before? I know I would go to my hr. And they would have a conversation with the offender. Democrats resigning as they should while Republicans go on media tours blaming the media for them being perverts.", 'Oh now he talks about Twitter hahahha only democrat left on there so it’s his own turned on him. You cannot be bigger then Biden!', 'I love how theirs no anchors on the youtube snipets\n\nAll silent', 'There is a lesson here- don’t talk political accomplishments when your abuse has forced you to resign. This was the weirdest resignation ever', 'Anytime he did these press conferences he must have said give us the faaaaaaaaaaaaaacts 50 times', 'Calculated and planned so Fredo didn’t have to cover it!\nTake him with you!  Useless creeps, both!', 'Gov Cuomo "Its not about me, it\'s about you"  Yeah right!', 'FINALLY. Thank you. It should have happened much earlier, but at least you finally did the right thing.', '7:37 he’s bragging about his accomplishments yet he violated women. What a 🤡', "Hopefully this will send a message to all of the state governors out there that just because a person is a state governor doesn't mean that they can do whatever they want .", 'Bad news: He resigned \nGood news: People forget he murdered 10k senior citizens', 'finally CNN showing this is admitting their lies for so long.', 'Dude go quietly into the night never to be heard of again. No one wants to hear a lengthy non-apology about how “Its not really me, its the world thats wrong”', 'I guess he thinks the fact he was responsible for 15,000 nursing home deaths will now be swept under the rug and forgotten.  Something tells me he is wrong about that.', '"But what was she wearing?" Chris Cuomo 🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'CNN tried to hard to defend this man. But the court of public opinion is undefeated. That’s why Chris conveniently went on “vacation” for a week', 'I’ll do this speech you wrote if I stay out of jail and pay some fines and restitution. Lol', 'Fun Fact!!!! CNN doesn’t even have a million Viewers!!! Google it, it’s 100% true!', 'Thank you??? Wtf? Ahh he means thank you for coming forward to take the focus off all the seniors that died due to his policies.', 'Biden’s somewhere saying “Whew, somebody him thank I like apple skittles and sour pie kids.”😂🤣😂🤣', 'CNN——  every woman “journalist”. Should be OUTRAGED with the months long cover up and denial by the Cuomo Brothers.  Chris Cuomo should be out of a job', 'American Democrats are the most ethical and intellectual professionals in the world 💙 Congratulations ❤️', "What a quack...so glad he is leaving. No more of these 'sit on grandpa's lap' type talks from him.", 'It is so sad 😞 who now is going to be the touchy-feely 🤗 governor', 'Remember when Creepy Joe Biden called Cuomo the “gold standard”?   LOL...!!!', 'Rather go down for this to distract everyone from nursing home deaths', 'What an amazing speech. Cuomo should be given another Emmy......', 'So, while any non-politician man is accused for similar actions to those Cuomo is, stands trial, while a politician simply has to resign, and will not stand trial?', 'Where is Chris Cuomo, he needs to take his medicine and eat crow.', "that's one of the weirdest resignation speeches ever", 'Andrew “Mob Boss” Cuomo is finally gone!', 'Give him another Emmy left wing dipsits!', "I guess there's a limit to what the liberal legacy media can cover up and hide, they sure tried on this one.  Can't wait to see his corrupt brother talking about Andrew being the victim here which is what he's sounding like here.", "*Slow day CNN, Where's the eunuch telling us that Fredo pre booked his holiday, the lies just get bigger.* 😂", 'Chris wrote this', 'What the hell is he talking about?\n\nWhy doesn\'t the NY AG press criminal charges against Biden\'s "gold standard" in Cuomo?', 'Hope Republicans will keep this same energy when it comes to Matt Gaetz.', 'Incredibly tone deaf on what as had been going in the world around him because he thinks the world revolves  around him. Still not taking responsibility as anyone NY tough would actually do. Just a sad old man.', 'Who would have thought this would have ever happened 16 months ago when people saw Cuomo as a deity', "I'm surprised the Clown network didn't spin this as fake news. What where your viewers too smart for you to spin that lie? Now we just need that lying brother to be fired from Clown News Network", 'Horniness has replaced honour', 'They (you know who) love to weaponize the media and Twitter mob until it comes for them!', 'THE DEVIL IS GONE!!!', '"Killing Grannies and slapping fannies." - Andrew Cuomo 2021', "No what you taught us is that if you're in a seat of power you answer to no on or anything you can do things the rest of go to jail or suffer consequences but nothing will happen to you", ':8:50"...How could you put my daughters through this?...Tell my daughters I didn\'t do anything wrong..". Total bullshit.', 'he is choking on every word, a high-pitched repressed anger. never mind the words.', 'He sure made the place safe with that assault weapons ban. Lol, you google their shootings compared to republican states which have looser gun laws...', 'But a beacon of light should be able to overcome this, right?  I mean he did do a helluva job!  All these rich white guys keep saying it’s a sad day and blame the cx culture (which I didn’t think existed).  Anyway, don’t you just love the way people of a certain political party are more worried about him than his victims.  That’s the sad part of the day!', 'Amen yes he need to leave hopeful the new government 🙏can help New York out prayers', 'YOU HELPED ME GO TO COLLEGE FOR FREE. GOD BLESS YOU', 'Who cares if he tried to kiss a couple of women and was a bit sleazy he covered up thousands of deaths he caused WTF. and I don’t think he should be held responsible for those deaths they were a accident and stupid accident he should lose his job for but he should be doing life in jail for covering up and lying about half the deaths', "Roobin, Avenatti, Coumo, these were CNN's model, god-like guests on their shows. Nice.", 'His crazy lawyer said "it didn\'t happen. " a disgrace.   How does she know?', "Another Democrat bites the dust! Guys keep your hands and eyes, and thoughts, and words,  and touch to yourself. Don't look them in the eyes. Hold you head down when walking by them. Not even a hand shake y'all. Make sure you a got a witness in the boardrooms and offices. Board the elevator only with multiple people as witness, just in case you may need them to help testify. LOL!", 'Remember, last summer? There was talk about him replacing the *SENILE* manchurian!💤\n2% Kamala:   *_"I believe ALL Biden’s Accusers"_*\n..........👴💤 :   *-BELIEVE WOMEN-*  ✌️😷✌️  *-BELIEVE SURVIVORS-*', 'Very disappointing. We thought Cuomo did a very good job as Governor, particularly during COVID. He basically set the standard for the how-to and got the rest of the country onto a solid plan for dealing with it. Can\'t take that away from the guy. Too bad he was so "Trumpy PussyGrabber" on the down low.', "Cuomo' antics probably qualifies him to be the next news anchor on CNN. Maybe a duo with his bro. Today New York, Tomorrow the CNN.", 'Oh. So the only time he calls out how out of control politics has gone… is when he is on the losing end. Typical loser politician.\n\nWhen it’s working to just favor, he just chugs along like it’s a normal thing.', '"I may have SA\'d you and traumatized you for life, but the important thing is that we both learned from it"', 'Bet Fredo didn’t see this coming', 'Dam!!! He went from Hero to Zero in like 6 months.\n\nThis same consequence for Cuomo should have happened to Trump.', "Great. Go home Cuomo, and take you're temperamental little bother with you.", "OK as an USAF NCO back in the 80's I knew not to even try to engage in a sexual relationship with a lesser grade airman.This man seems to me to have abused his position and power over these women!!!", 'As Wayne would say, “Sphincter says ‘What?’”', 'Sounds so desperate... “fire your PR Guy now!”', 'Jeez! \nCriminal charges coming.\nHe knows he is in the sh+t.\nThank Christ it’s coming.\nJoe and Hunter next………….', 'Taking the lefty’s out one at a time 💪🇺🇸💪', 'I feel like he started off good and then the more he spoke the worse it got', 'Finally, a reason to leave a like on a CNN video.', "It a win win for him, half or more of the accusers, won't be able to \nback up their stories so will be discredited. OJ is out \nand thriving, Cuomo will go to confession and come out clean too.", 'I thought he was the perfect democrat. Oh wait, he is the perfect democrat.', 'Lmao. I bet it took swallowing every ounce of pride to post the story. Poor chris.', 'Bye bye Psycho! We still got a lot of work to do- Deblasio, Newsom, Lightfoot, Portland clown, Chaz prom queen, Michigan ghoul governor, Minnesota circus etc. We got work to do. Time to save our great country one step at a time.', 'Everyone remember when CNN and their followers were cheering him?', 'Hahaha now he wants to talk\nAbout the corrupt politics….interesting how when somthing happens to you now you all the sudden care about politics…', '"personal boundaries must be expanded"\nlmao\nwhen I first came to the states I was told American people have larger personal boundaries - you don\'t just touch them even if its just to be friendly and completely harmless. I guess he didn\'t think of those women as "people".', '" I pinched all the butts, it\'s just political" -Andrew Cuomo', '"Part of being Nuw Ywoak tuff is bein\' Nuw Ywoak luvin\'..." kinda what got you in trouble in the first place, luvgov', "Y'all Dems dropping like flies . First Cuomo next Newsome and I'm sure Lightfeetisy is not far behind.", '😂 He’s still denies it.', "Andrew Como tried to escape his crimes  the victims can never escape his behavior 😤. Don't feel sorry for him. Biden said Como did a great job.  Huh, just as great as the crappy job Biden 🙄 is doing by ruining this country and we in the middle class will pay for it 🙄.!!!!!", "Chris, take a couple weeks off 'til this blows over...", 'What a criminal, get him out of here, don’t give him the time of day !!!', 'Does he get to keep his emmy?!\nNice job dummycrats', 'Highest minimum wage. Does he know how much it cost to live in that state.', 'It’s honourable thing to do … unlike DJT who just double down and fight himself into the history books of bring one of the worst President of the USA', 'He "thanks" the women and then says they lying? Lol', "I'm surprised cnn posted this , the only video I have actually liked in a long time", 'Narcissist is patting himself on the back on his way out', "That's life man. Change and heal yourself. Learn by mistakes. Many men are doing every day.   Maybe some women need to check themselves as well. None of us are perfect.", 'He didn’t realize how far the line had been redrawn. Well, he learned, the hard way.', '“Tara”, say it!', 'Please can CNN help me understand this, when was it the rule/norm for a governor or any public servant to slide his fingers in a woman blouse and grab their breast?', 'Give him another Emmy for this speech. Are there any women organization celebrating?', 'Love it. He is resigning in the most New York Way. While still criticizing his political enemies. The people attacking him for doing so clearly don’t understand how disingenuous and politically motivated most of the criticisms were.', 'Now if a republican governor does the same with the same circumstances I want to see them do the same. Only time will tell. No place for this in the modern world. Just keep your hands to yourself', 'One step in the right direction down; hundreds left to go.', 'These are rough days for CNN and other MSM outlets. They propped this bad guy up, created an alternate reality of divine leadership and liberalism. CNN flew to close to the sun.', 'Lol this kills CNN a and whiny liberals to have to see this and I LOVE IT!  Show me those tears!!!', '*Remember when CNN poster boy Creepy Porn Lawyer Avanati was main stream.*\n\n*Neither does CNN.* 😂', 'Did he say we legalized love? 😂', "😂😂😂😂😂😂 thanks for the women who came forward ..... Now look how much I've done for New York ... It's all about me me me 😂😂😂 bye bye Cuomo", "Joe Biden's golden standard right there folks. Two peas in a pod.", '"wasting time on distraction is the last this govenment should be doing" he said, doing exactly that....', 'Cuomo variant —wait 14 days before you know you do not have it.', 'Raised minimum wage to 15 dollars a hour then taxed the death out of you to get that money back into the hands of the government. Sad!! Glad he’s gone', 'Of the two of them, I trust the guy on the right much more than the guy on the left.', "Where's little brother at? Come on, CNN let him out to play, or is he too much of a coward?", 'Also, while you were writing a book on how to be a leader and getting an Emmy award thousands of people have died due to this man.', 'Cuomo is utterly shameless. This should be a five minutes apology and resignation speech, but instead he somehow managed to make it 22 minutes of all about Andrew Cuomo.', 'I feel very sorry for Governor Cuomo. Ha, just kidding. The reality is that this Governor resigned because of inappropriate \ncontact with multiple women, which is bad enough, but there are thousands of people dead because of Cuomo, is he going to take responsibility for that? Of course not, he might have to give the book publisher their money back.', "it's like the septic version of Yes Minister...... except its a real politician, god bless the seppoes you fuckin rule", 'Killing all the elderly people by sending them be into COVID environment should the first thing he is tried on, then all the techie feely charges.', 'Are they going to take his Emmy back?', "I liked the guy . But who knows really if he did or didn't", 'She said she was going after tRump, how did Cuomo’s situation supersede?  Cuomo is accused, but what’s really interesting is half of the country voted a man in the Oval office after knowing about the skeletons in his closet, his propensity for golden showers, women he’s offended, hearing him say….”grab ‘EM in the “p”….🤔', 'He’s seriously thanking the women? What a piece of work. SMH🤦\u200d♂️', 'Where was that thought process when Trump was constantly under impeachment threats and investigations??', 'Cool....dims are feeding off one of their own...lovely sight', 'Lol he thanks them 😂…. What a dork', 'He is so brave and courageous for coming forward we all know how men of non color can be and people need to apologize publicly when they offend someone especially people of color and women.', 'Wasn’t this the guy who was responsible for all the deaths in old age homes?', '“I’m stepping down because I think this will be a waste of time and money” is an interesting choice', 'Now all that’s left is the “smaht” brother, Fredo', 'Hey CNN. I thought he was the gold standard?. \nAnother CNN hallmark in objectivity', 'It comes in such convenient time. All these time they waited, just have to pick this time to speak out. Hmmm...', "🤣...fredo's punk ass brother is going down in flames, and it's beautiful! \nFredo conveniently took a vacation this week! 🤣", 'Hey Andrew, how about thanking all those in nursing homes that gave their lives to change election rules.\nWe all know how hard that decision must have been for such a compassionate soul as yourself.', 'CHRIS Cuomo needs to be next.', "Is he serious in saying he didn't understand personal boundaries until now? The lines have always been in the same place. Women are just finally going to hold men accountable when they cross them.", '"Give \'em the old Razzle Dazzle. Razzle Dazzle \'em. "When you\'re in trouble go in to you dance. Razzle dazzle \'em and they\'ll never catch wise."', 'Take aways from his little speech here:\n\nHe doesn’t think he did anything wrong.\nHe thinks this is all just a distraction.\nHe is only stepping aside because he thinks this is holding up the NY government.\nHe deflected all the allegations as “cultural differences”\nHe spent half of, if not more, of this “apology”/resignation video claim how amazing he is.\n\nHe does not care about the women he abused. He only cares that he is being forced out and thinks this whole thing is bull shit.', 'CNN—— now is the time to show that the organization has credibility... investigate the Nursing Home deaths', 'I fully believed it was true. Now that CNN is reporting it I suddenly have doubts if it really happened', 'Maybe he should be nominated for another Emmy, 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'He sounds like Al Pacino’s character in “The Devil’s Advocate.” I wonder why 🤔🤔', 'Fredo’s next!', "I hope I remember not to breath the same air that other female's do. They might see it as inappropriate behavior.", 'Does this mean he has to give back his Emmy?', "He's giving a 2 weeks notice because he's gonna run again", 'Too bad he dragged his resignation talk on so long because it seems like he truthfully isn’t fessing up to actual facts.', 'Rules never change when it come to touching groping anybody it’s disrespectful and unapologetic no room for this', 'CNN going hire him to working with his brother makes us fools', 'Why cnn don’t call cuomo brother talk about his troubles', 'How on earth CNN still has an audience is beyond me. The 8th Wonder of the World.\n\nCNN long ago crossed the line from journalism to activism.  And it takes a very special kind of stupid to continue to think CNN is actually a news organization.', '"Come on, I thought you liked me" - Joe Biden', "Gaslighting at its finest. \n\nI think he's been chatting to Alex Salmond in Scotland..wow its spookily similar in how he's handled similar allegations. \n\nVery similar people. I liked Alex Politics and Cuomos too   but both a couple of narcissic perverts with delusions of grandure that think they are better than everyone else. The also don't really have respect for women. .", "Well if I'm not looking at things for value, I'm gonna go on a limb and say he pissed  off the wrong person and they have some real dirt lol ....So who's next on the chopping block ???  Trump 😏", 'Cuomo can kiss goodbye to his Presidential ambitions .', 'Lol bs that CNN is still covering him as a good man!!', 'This is a great day. So long, slimeball.', 'Just wondering why Cuomo had to do the right thing with 11 allegations of sexual assault, but trump, who had 11 or 12 allegations of sexual assault but he’s good to go. Interesting.', '"thanking the women who came forward?" whom are you kidding', 'Didn’t he fly off in a government helicopter and isn’t he fleeing the state and if he was a regular person would be held....', 'Killing it and feeling it', 'Andrew Cuomo is so narcissistic, he probably goes home every night and bows down to a statue of himself and kisses himself good night before reading himself a bedtime story, via voice recording from himself.', '"Thanks for the mammaries"', 'Mr. Cuomo as New Yorker I thank you very much for your care during the pandemic I hope the next on your chair will be good as you or better thank you', 'I only came here to laugh 😂 \nCNN’s golden boy is gone 😂😂😂', 'Take Friedo with you !', 'Where are all the people that were praising Cuomo', "As someone who admired him prior to all of this coming out and a liberal, I am ecstatic that he is resigning. He should not be in a position of power after sexually harassing women. I don't care what political party you're affiliated with, get the hell out with that disgusting behavior. He should also face the appropriate legal action. Unacceptable.", 'Hes saying facts', 'Folks, we are living in what the Bible calls "birth pains" or sorrows and what you\'re seeing is just the beginning.  I beg you all to hit your knees, humble yourselves before God, and admit that you\'re a sinner.  None of us are perfect just like Gov. Cuomo here.  I\'m not defending his actions, but he can be forgiven if he truly repents of his sins and places his burdens before the feet of the Lord.  Jesus Christ paid our sin debt on the cross and we must never reject that gift.  Reach out to Him and He will save you.  God bless all of you in the name of our redeemer, Jesus Christ.  Amen!!!!', 'What a masterclass in GASLIGHTING', 'time for MTG and Matt G to follow suit.', 'Damn after you helped kill all those New Yorkers with them damn covid ventilators look at you now. They go love them nipple piercings in prison. Lol.', 'somebody give him an EMMY, please.....lol', "He's actually very grateful to the women who came forward.   I understand he has offered to buy each of them dinner.", 'The header should read "cries his way through his resignation"  \nThe gold standard in leadership has resigned.', "Hold him accountable for all the elderly he murdered! Biden's best buddy... sleepy Joe is quite obviously suffering from Alzheimer's should be the next item you report on. Poor guy is suffering and you lead him around like a Weekend at Bernie's", '🤣 left blamed Trump for everything when someone on your team was the thing you was trying to prove.', '"just think about what we did".  Um yeah you sent 16k elderly people to die to make yourself look good', 'He comes across creepy even while making videos like these', 'No “news” activist to start the video off with this breaking story??? Shocker', 'Actually it IS about FACTS buddy! You knew EXACTLY what you were doing....', 'Hey CNN...when are you going to hold "Fredo" accountable for helping his groping brother?  Fredo does not need to come back from his "vacation"...nor does Lemon Drops.  Whatever happened to that lawsuit involving Lemon Drops???', 'Will goofy Gavin be the next Democrat thug to be relieved of his duties?', "Is it me, or does he sound like the Devil's Advocate?", "First CNN video I've ever liked 👍", 'So hes going to resign in 14 days? Does that mean he is allowed to give himself 2 weeks notice to leave his job because hes a deviant?', 'Can we NOW get the Cuomo Brothers Comedy Show back? They are missing out on some comedy gold. Fredo could rip the "Michael Avenatti" of Governors for his lack of  game. He could hold up a tiny condom and say is this the condom you intended to use if any of your advances were welcomed?  Another Emmy for sure.', "Maybe he's really off to the guill  otine, which is what this crea ture de serves!", "WE'RE COMING FOR YOU NEXT NEWSOME!", 'It will blow over quickly, quicker if we had the grabber in chief.', 'It must have been very hard for CNN to have to report this. Did they report on his scandal or just on  this since he had to resign? Smh', "PERRY CUOMO SINGS HIS LAST HIT SONG--IT'S IMPOSSIBLE", 'This could be a setup to get rid of him since New York approve to release trumps taxes 🤔', 'His book; Lessons in Leadership, should be in the fiction section', "Somebody wanna explain why this dude isn't in prison for murdering thousands of elderly people?.", 'Did he really have a choice considering one of the women went to the police to press charges? He was going to impeached and face legal charges.', 'Ya know Andrew could do the world a favor by following Budd Dwyer’s example…', "Donald is probably smiling right now. He's right to look down upon politicians. Imo 🤣", "Good riddance. He didn't even apologize. Instead he focused on asking not to be pursued.  Just sweep everything aside, because it would cost too much money. How about all the money that was wasted because of his corrupt policies?  Now if Chris Cuomo resigns from CNN, that will be another healing facet for the U.S.", "He's blaming his victims while playing the victim, just a totally awful human being.", 'So let’s see how long it’s gonna take for the judge that trump assigned to be fired \nBecause him too need to go  ;', 'Dear Chris ……..YOURE NEXT!!!!', 'This is the first time I have ever heard someone thank their accusers.', 'Definitely poly motivated.. but he did do the things.. farewell and thank you for your service.', 'He shoulda married Hillary. She makes allegations disappear like it’s a magic trick.', 'When is Chris going to resign?', 'Its sad, he got framed, and he had to step down. It was so obvious. New York Lost a good governor, tough guy.U all will understand that once u get a new clown into the governor position..\nHe was a good man, definitely way better 90% of current governors', 'This is just a distraction from the elderly he killed .', 'I want to hear more about the retirement home murders!  Why has the media let that story get cold? Why is the media not speaking about it?', 'So sad the way this story ended I was hoping that he was going to be one of the good guys', 'Matt Gaetz is cheering and wiping his sweaty eyebrows now.', 'One Cuomo resigns due to corruption... now only one more Cuomo to go! Chris should resign as well for failing to be a proper journalist! shame on CNN', 'When is it Biden’s turn.\nTara Reed. Say her name!', 'He will end up being a CNN anchor.  The Cuomo Bro Show.', 'Loudness & non facts have replaced soundness & rationale  ~ darn straight. Stupid meToo', 'FINELLY THE CNN Lovely Man is gonne..\nNow Bla bla bla .. put Cuomo in JAIL for Nursing Home..', 'He is thinking the accusers- 🙄 only reason is for Fredo to keep his head up. This is bs.', 'This is such a big cover up for the nursing home scandal', 'Oh no he is such a great guy like our heroic CNN hosts this is a vast alt right conspiracy. He won an Emmy he must be so much better than the simpletons voting for him.', 'That means more sh*t is about to hit the fan. He was going to hang on tooth and nail. Something changed that.', 'I actually ran into Cuomo’s attorney at a local Starbucks in Albany on Sunday.  I said to her, “C’mon, eleven women??  It’s hard to find eleven women who agree on anything.  The governor’s gotta go.”  To which she responded, “Oh c’mon, twinkle bell.  Thanks for the news flash, sweetheart.  He’s a man’s man.  Of course he harassed and groped them.  It’s a man’s world, darling.  Are you that naïve?  But this may be news for you…we women prefer that kind of real alpha man!  That’s what makes the world go ‘round, child.  Now get lost, nerd!”', "Remember when NY officials took their loved ones out of nursing homes before packing them with infected patients? I guess we'll never hear about that now", 'Have Andrew Cuomo cover this story!', 'Will Chris Cuomo resign from CNN too?', 'Next up.. an Oscar for his performance from Hollywood.', 'CNN hated that they had to upload this.', 'Now we can get the Tappan Zee Bridge back!!', "And Fredo was helping him to disparage his accusers.  Isn't Chris Cuomo supposed to be a journalist?  How can he and CNN honestly make that claim when his involvement has so clearly destroyed his integrity?\n\nFredo is still employed by CNN, and they all need to stop wagging their fingers at Fox News for its bias.", "Democrats are eating each other.  \nWhat about Joe Biden and his accusers?   I guess just being a democrat isn't good enough to get away with it right now.  That's only in election years.", 'What he should have said on the way out is that at least he never grabbed them by the 🐱. Which none of the women accused him of doing. 🤣', 'When your charisma is at 10  but your delusion skill is maxed at 100.', 'Ah, I get it now, he’s actually the victim!😹😹😹😹', 'As a resident of NY I am thrilled. Good Riddance!', 'CNN good job downplaying this.  Now you can hire him to work alongside Chris.', 'This guy is Smooooooooooooth !', 'WHY YOU GOING TO FIGHT, WHEN YOU ARE TOUCHING WOMEN!!!!', 'Hmmm, maybe someone told him what they have on him so he decided to bail while he can. He will fade into obscurity never to be held accountable for anything he did.', 'The balance bar of being politically correct, and being honest is so fine a line that has no place to stand. No mater what you do- you will fall- even "if" you didn\'t do anything wrong.', 'Sounds like his homie Bill Clinton. These Dems definitely like their woman. Smh', "What is happening to the dems 'presidentiables'? Avenatti and now Coumo?", "it's sad it took him this long to face facts", "Funny, he suddenly doesn't like what the left has been doing for 5 years. Trial by Twitter, judge jury executioner.", 'WE WILL MISS YOU CUOMO', "Another politician has fell on the sword.  This is a big ask from the handlers to move forward with the New York State prior president case.  They really want this guy if they have to sack a governor.  Hope it's not for nothing.", 'Thanks for stepping down. Now we can embrace the lt. gov of the state of ny', 'What is this “us” crap - it’s about you, not us. Politicians are narcissists.', 'There’s your God Democrats.', 'So now he just leaves like a movie villain? He killed many elderly people with his policies. He sexually assaulted women, obviously profited from his time as governor. And then he just resigned and flew away?', 'Put the video in 1.5x so it sounds normal', 'He has a job at CNN 💯', 'Did he just thank the woman that came forward?\nIs this guy just completely 100% BS? good god man', 'He is going for an Oscar. Lol', 'all that hating on the mayor during covid trying to get further up look at you now good for you 🤡', 'At least Dems have balls to call out the colleague of their own party for the misconduct. Well, how about Matt Gaetz? GOP looks away.', 'He just left the Democratic Party', '12 minutes of gaslighting', 'Hey CNN. When is the lesser leaving prime time. He did try and help him?', 'The Dirtbag is no longer in charge that is good for everyone', 'Could criticize this easily - but how about this  .. would you EVER hear a republican give this speech ?? Doubt it. How about Trump ? .. there were 40 women that cam forward. You will  NEVER hear Trump ever apologize. Think about it.', '17 minutes and 27 seconds of bįťćhèņ,', 'What other perverted Communists are they going to install in his place?', 'I remember not too long ago when you Democrats wanted Cuomo for President. LOL', 'Next his brother for covering up for him', "Dear Santa, please let Andrew's brother resign also. Thank you. Cookies on the table......", '"... it\'s a generational thing..."\nAh, yes. Everyone knows how classy men of yesteryear would charmingly ask their female subordinates whether they had any pierced bodyparts besides their earlobes. Or how they would grab the breasts of their female underlings. Those were simpler, more innocent times back then ...', 'Did CNN give Chris Cuomo the week off to write this speech for his brother?', 'Fredo Cuomo needs to go too. Then again, local public cable channels have higher ratings than CNN so who cares', 'NA NA NA NA, NA NA NA NA, HEY HEY HEY, GOODBYE!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOHHOOOOOOO EUREKA!!!!!', 'He spoke the loudest of the extreme politics he is complaining about. The democrats started these "extremes" he speaks of. Remember these examples of Democrats not believing women and never forget it. He finally resigned because democrats promised him a job in a few years, you better believe that. He will be back, you can bet on it.', '"I am here to announce that I have been forced to retire because I am an arrogant a hole with zero comprehension that I could possibly do anything wrong."', "But then there's another democrat that's going to fill his place, what's the point then?", 'Can we get Chris to reign too?', 'Wow.  I became a fan of his during the initial covid days, but this is just repugnant.', 'Maybe the REAL sexual harassment was the friends we made along the way.', 'Chris knew this was coming, hence the planned vacation.', 'Let’s not forget the liberal media was behind this man for all these years.', 'The irony, smh, the guy that used to criticize Trump on behaviour 😂😂😂😂🤦\u200d♂️', "No legalization of cannabis though. Where's the love for New York?", 'Can we PLEASE take the Cuomo name off the former/beloved Tapan Zee Bridge. It is a privilege to be associated with a New York landmark. Change it back to Tapan Zee or The Rudy Giuliani Bridge.', "You mean placing all those covid positive people in nursing homes wasn't enough? It had to come to this?", 'Now that what a true man would do', "Don't let the door hit ya...", 'This is the first time I gave a thumps up to CNN news', 'Good grief !...😒\n.. talk about changing the subject and talking about anything and everything else\n - except his despicable acts of perversion', 'Must be part of the Russia investigation  !!  Lol turning on each other', 'His brother may as resign he has no credibility left', 'Remember "CUOMOSEXUAL" With all the celebrities and media? Let that sink in.', 'DOJ lets em pack his mansion and just walk away from murder?', 'Good now that we’ve gotten rid of that democratic gangster we can get rid of more of these criminal liars.', 'Here come the civil lawsuits for $. That’s why these girls do this.', "We're more worried about the Cuomo variant.", 'Fredo is next…', "the line was redrawn with a big marker by the orangeman who was jealous of Cuomo's attention during the pandemic", 'Having watched the entire speech a few words come to mind: self congratulatory, omniscience, and lack of contrition. The problem with most politicians is that they see themselves as saviors.', 'Wow..He still went kicking and screaming. Just go already!', 'You’re thanking them but then bashed them with you’re lawyer wtf', 'Hey guys remember the history of Adan and Eve? well is keep happening heheheheehe', "He's only resigning because he knows he'll be impeached if he doesn't.", 'All good give few months he will be back Hosting show at CNN with Stelter, Anderson, Chris my big brother the serial non groper.', "These women have their 15 minutes of fame,  yet a great politician bites the dust!  On of the few people who was trustworthy during the pandemic speeches and updates last year.  But that aside,  I have no respect for those 'poor' hungry for attention babes.....  but hey , must be me being a European point of view.....", "He didn't admit anything and that means, to date, we don't KNOW if there are any victims, we only know of accusers.\nThe good news? NY will soon have its first female governor!\nHe better not touch me there", '$15 minimum wage wouldn’t buy a pack of cigarettes in New York.  What a joke.', 'He did it all for us, because he loves us.\n🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'What happened C-N-N lol President material my A—S_S . He doesn’t even want to admit it \nC-R-E_E-P', 'Give me a break!  Newsom is next to go…recall Newsom, elect Elder.', "All politicians are narcissists.  It doesn't matter which team they're on, or that they may have an image/illusion of altruism.  If you haven't learned this, you're not paying attention.", "Where's all the Leftist that supporting this guy last year? y'all really quiet now", '"Chris, who the hell threw the first stone at me", Andrew.', 'Chris Cuomo wrote his speech...', 'Wel...at least there was no Watergate style like one the DOG and the FBI  pulled with Clinton', 'Democrats getting a taste of their own meds… “trial by Twitter”.', "Where's Chris Cuomo on this? Come on little bro.", 'Good now start the criminal proceedings. Cuomo never thought once about anyone but himself.', "We'll always have thay stupid Q-Tip Andrew, give Fredo our regards", 'Lmao look who’s realizing the public square now!!! Waking up are we?!', "Another turning point\nA fork stuck in the road\nTime grabs you by the wrist\nDirects you where to go\nSo make the best of this test\nAnd don't ask why\nIt's not a question\nBut a lesson learned in time\nIt's something unpredictable\nBut in the end it's right\nI hope you had the time of your life\n\n\n\n\n\n😉", "I'm sorry to see you go, Mr. Cuomo\n(you do not deserve this)", 'You know your in trouble when your defense is " Hey i\'ve been doing this my whole life "', 'Reminds me of the Marilyn Manson case', 'Finally did the right thing.', 'The hypocrites of the left', 'Typical politicians"BLAME SOMEONE ELSE"', "And this year's emmy award goes to ...", 'Finally CNN have to talk about cuomo', 'Guessing that CNN no longer has any use for brother Freddo now.', '"Sonny" Cuomo - GO AWAY!', 'Accountability is making a comeback. Democrats did the right thing.', 'I love my mom.😊 My mom always cooks full meals for lunch, despite her age and illness and worries.☺️😁', "His next job in Government will pay just as Much..he's a Democrat...", "Cuomo News Network...   Covering for the sins of Andrew.   CNN continues to ignore NY's nursing home scandal.    Junk channel.", "As it turns out NY wasn't the only thing he screwed.", 'B-B-But liberal Hollywood gave him a Emmy for covid management ?', 'Remember y’all gave him an Emmy award…', 'Good! I love when democrats eat their own .\nNext….Biden😊', 'Now, if Fredo will stop pretending to be a journalist and join his brother in the abyss.... this would be a good start.', "Sooo it's everything and everyone's fault but iam not guilty of these abuses.", 'LOCK HIM UP !', 'I wonder if his abused ex-wife Kerry Kennedy, who slept in a locked bathroom, is all choked up after hearing this news.', "I'd like to see Chris's enthusiastic journalism on his brother's resignation.", '15.00/hr minimum wage is an insult to people who go to college for 4 years or longer to earn that much.....', 'cnn says offended others say harassment. hmmmm', 'Wait until the kids are old enough to write a statement....', 'What a perfect opportunity for him to spend more time with family - by landing a job working alongside Chris at CNN.', 'Let’s see the dominos fall with these Peter Files.', 'he basically admitted guilt', 'Maybe cnn will give him his own show', 'WHAT DID HE THINK HE WAS DOING WHEN HE WAS TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE PEOPLE HE WRONGED!  TOO MANY PEOPLE HAVE BEEN HURT AND EMBARRASSED AND ABUSED!!', 'This guy is so weird. "I\'d like to thank the women. The women who caused me to resign, thank you." Get real dude lol come on just be genuine. Don\'t try to look like the good guy... we know who you are.', 'That state abortion bill signed and applauded also didnt go well with God.😔', "Apparently, slaughtering the elderly doesn't matter to Democrats.  Offending feminism is the real crime.", 'Wow, imagine how much aggravation, pain, stress, death and illness would have been prevented if Drumpf had been a man and done the same thing amidst his atrocity of a presidency.', "Como's resignation speech sounded exactly like his news brother helped him out with the - escape words to use and say...😒", 'It wasn’t for the nursing home scandal but I’ll take it', 'Can’t wait till more democrats are held accountable.', 'avenatti and now Coumo, why does cnn promote these guys as hero’s for such a long time', "Let's give this guy an award for his Covid response. \n - Liberals", 'Fredo need to go next CNN!', 'This was completely unexpected.\nNo one could have predicted this outcome.🙄\nNext... DeathSantis...', "Now New York needs a republican Governor and maybe people won't be leaving the state in swarms.", 'Wasting energy on distractions?\nThis is the distraction.\nNursing homes anyone?☠\nMaybe if you did your job, instead of playing grab a_ _.', 'what...what...what..what...?\n\nhe just grabbed them by the kitty....he should run for president. He has a really good shot', 'Please, another Emmy!!!!!', 'Its politicaly aimed at Cuomo', 'What a load of Bull, he shouldnt have resigned'], ['Sounds like a third world “trick” to “draw” a crowd.  There, politicians  (their supporters) will arrange to distribute a package of food to random people  to attend an event!  This is exactly that.', '“I was a strange kid”\n\nWe all were, Chillizza. We all were.', 'would venture to say that EVERYONE commenting on this post had their “required” shots before starting school and throughout their childhood, whether or not, in their parent’s mind, it was for their child’s health & safety or to continue to suppress or eradicate dangerous contagious diseases.  Unfortunately, THIS contagious disease, no matter whether man made or not (so you are refusing to follow guidelines because you believe it’s manmade???) WAS definitely made political from day 1 by being hidden, mocked, falsified and continues to be political under the reasoning of “freedom”. The sadness is that since it IS political, people really aren’t making up their own minds about the disease but rather are making their decisions based on party lines.  Personal freedom? Individual choice?', "When evil people politicize a pandemic for their own personal gain, this is what happens. It's a real head shaker and history will look back on this with total disbelief.", "The first objective of a con man is to discredit their detractors so when you get warned about the scam you'll ignore them.", '“The biggest, largest, most rambunctious crowds ever!”   Just like your inauguration, right? Tide went out and ‘45 wasn’t wearing any pants.', 'Doesn’t matter how many people show up for the show, only matters who shows up to the ballots.', 'Dude, you should have mentioned the recent outdoor rally, where his fans were leaving in droves (for the parking lot), while Agent Orange was still onstage blovating into a mic.', 'It hurts you the most when you trust someone blindly, and that person proves to you.,\n You are really blind.....💙', '(Per the headline)"The founding myth of Trumpism is a fake."\nAlmost everything about Trump is fake! Wealth, tan,  height, weight, business acumen, business sucess and inaugural crowd size, to name a very, very few. 🤔🙄😏', 'The employment of actors was reported years ago by David K Johnston and Matt Taibbi(working independently).', 'That wonderful time TikTokers bought up all the tickets....', '"When your train is on the wrong tracks, every station you stop at is the wrong station". The quote defines DJT life to a "T". He has literally done nothing right, except to realize that there\'s a lot of people who are easily misled by charismatic leaders with an anti-everything rhetoric. What a legacy for the Trump family. He will be a stain on America for eternity.', 'the biggest stay at home crowd cheered with relief when he left the white house.', 'And then his minions would try to equate crowd size with votes.', 'This was always painfully obvious to me. Just like his speeches with the same people behind him everytime, he is the thing that his supporters claim to be against as he projects all this onto everyone else.', 'The escalator was going downward. Even it knew.', "Crony capitalism: $7.5 billion for recharging electric cars confirms Trump's criticism of the infrastructure bill.", 'I saw an email that went out to a mailing list of actors willing to do "extra" work it said "$50 for only 3 hours"', 'You gotta love how people who say "PERIOD!" At the end of the statement like your mother expecting THAT to be the last word on the subject  😂😂', 'This type of thing is a part of the entertainment industry, that Trump was a part of for years. See Audience Extras NYC. Planting people posing as enthusiaistic regular attendees pays dividends for PR and aspiring actors, playwrights etc.', "In my mind, if Trump had invested his dad's money he would be richer than he is now. That makes him the loser of someone's deal.", 'He does it for money and forgets his concience 😭', 'Fox is just helping trump pull off the “Jonestown phase” of his cult.', 'The crowd that showed up in DC the day after his inauguration was way bigger than the one the day prior.', 'The epitome of the "integrity" of the left: "I IDENTIFY as a single mother of 3 that can\'t pay her rent. Thanks for the quarter million". 🤘🤡🤘 @/saveabuela', 'I believe Twain said it’s easier to con people than convincing them they’ve been conned.', 'On Cris Cuomo and his misdeeds related to his big brother\'s situation:\n\n"When it comes to credibility and trust, people don’t see individual reporters or news organizations. They see \'the media.\'\xa0So when one journalist or outlet makes questionable choices, the tarnish can easily spread to others.\xa0And make no mistake about it, Cuomo’s choices in this situation are questionable – at best." - Kathleen Bartzen Culver, director of the Center for Journalism Ethics\n\nOh don\'t worry Kathleen, the majority of people knew very well about Chris before this, as well as CNN\'s credibility. They didn\'t need any more help. This is just the cherry on top.', 'The "Myth" is "Fake" sooooo by the rule of double negatives does that mean its True? 😀', 're-creation of The Simpson"s even more famous and wider watched scene', 'This is an old story. I read years ago about the "Escalator Crowd" being paid $50 to cheer for the Orange Menace. The twist: they got stiffed! At least some of these Potemkin crowd members were never paid what they were promised. Again, I know, shocking.', 'Despite the nursing home scandal, Sleepy Joe says Cuomo has done "A hell of a job...that\'s what so sad about it"...', 'The truth is being exposed, right now.  The 2020 election cheating can no longer be disputed or denied.  Hallelujah!', 'So they staged it like it was in the Simpsons... and here I thought the Simpsons was prophetic...', 'Read Mary’s book, it explains homies madness, greed and love of himself!!', '"CNN reported at the time" Well, there ya go. Case closed.', "There is nothing about trump's life that is real. Never has been. He's a professional grifter.", 'Have you seen Boardwalk Empire? If you did, you know exactly how trump is playing and losing.', 'In fact was exactly like the Academy Awards completely FAKE 🏆', 'Trump was a master at tapping into the ignorant demographic and using their fears to manipulate them. \nThat is why he was so popular in the south.', 'Big crowds for Donnie is like a expensive sports car is for other men. Compensation for little Mr 🍄', 'Remember the dimwits sending money to "golden throne" TV preachers? You know, forgive me for I have sinned stuff.\nHey, it works.', 'Why is this news now?\nRoger Ailes was given credit for the idea of a crowd in "The Loudest Voice". I\'m not sure how many years ago that first streamed.', 'Europe is becoming a right-wing continent. The overall political climate in Europe has been trending rightward for some time. "The question then would be whether America\'s left will ... rethink their own approach to politics before they face a similar eclipse ...."', 'When The Orange Fool announced his run, I remembered that for at least 40 years of my life, he has been a stupid con man! Why and how did all those people fall for this?', "it can hardly be surprising that this event like just about everything in his life is a lie.  What I can't understand is how so many people cannot see through his lies.  He isn't even good at it, you would think someone who lies as much as trump would get good at it but nope.", 'Could Cohan be scared that his deal would be blown up if he forgot to tell them about this? Only thing I can think of for a reason why he’s still deny it?', 'WE JUST LUV YOUR PROGRAM 💖😹MAYBE WE JUST LUV THAT QUICK SIDEBAR 👍🏼⭐️💝🌷', 'the gullible are easily impressed by apparent wealth (whether real or not) and "stars" whether "reality" tv stars (scripted reality) or actually talented stars.   It\'s like that wonderful lyric in " Fiddler On the Roof" says:  "When you\'re rich they think you really know."  and, being gullible, they didn\'t care to hear about his multiple bankfrupted businesses, so believed he was successful.', 'As I read the comments I ask some of you rocket scientists, when has politics not been theatre????  What simps.', 'I have never seen anyone come down an escalator at the Academy Awards.', "He's paid people to be his friend all his life", 'Yes CNN, you tell us what things really are. lol', 'Everything about him is a myth. His height. His weight. His toughness. His business acumen. His charm. His intelligence. His proficiency at golf. And most of all, his 2020 presidential election victory.', 'I’m so happy cnn is posting content like this so informative so moving so groundbreaking 🥴🥴🥴', 'Hey CNN, the "Luv Gov" needs a job!! Hook him up, he\'ll fit right in! Lol', 'Hmm, I wonder why he calls everything fake?', '*Ray Bradbury wrote, famously, a story entitled* _”Something Wicked This Way Comes.”_  *Implicit in the title is that it is a warning. A wolf is at the door, and one might consider taking life seriously for a change — for a while, anyway.*\n\n*T   H   E       R   E   P   U   B   L   I   C  A   N   S*\nFrom Trump to the US Senate to _Fox News_ to _Qanon_ to the whole HEE-HAW _MAGA_ gang…whatever else these people are, they are gullible, cynical, and in a word, unstable to the point that they are incapable of taking seriously at all anything or anyone.  This leaves the rest of us in the ironic position of having to take _THEM_ as seriously as a 3 year-old playing with a loaded handgun. \nTheir party has long maintained to have patriotism in their DNA. So something is clearly wrong.  And wronger still, after their loss of the 2020 election, the best idea they came up with was to _destroy_ the halls of our government rather than actually _USE_ them.\nNow we don’t know exactly what happened to invert and pervert the conservative philosophies they pushed on us for years like it was their own intellectual property.  My suspicion is that it probably wasn’t the work _of just one man._\nCould the Republicans be so mad as to think we’d be better off subsisting in a failed former state than in an America without a Republican President?  I can’t answer that question anymore.  \n*We do know* that certain foreign states (Russia and China as well as North Korea) are currently waging a full blown war of disinformation and misinformation against the United States using tactics the Russian government named _”Active Measures” (aktivnye meropriyatiya)_ in order to divide this Nation from within like termites, in order to bring about our collapse. \n*That’s what’s happening!*\n*And it’s working.*\n\n*…So far*', 'This just in. Andrew cuomo resigns as governor.\nAnother one bites the dust.', "Old News was covered back then that people were asked to attend coming in off the street. It's as easy to imagine now as it was then.", "It's amazing how much space Trump takes up in the brains of CNN's staff rent free , they probably  go into DT's  if they go 30 minutes without thinking about him and have to focus on real life for a change .", 'I always thought that his signature political myth was that he was a product of the  US dream  er like borrowing a million or so from crooked , racist , fascist , Daddy Trump , the estate developer, who paid for dunce Donny’s graduation with a big donation to his Ivy League college !', "We've known this since June 2015, the dead horse is beyond paste at this point.", 'Trump had pretty big crowds during COVID. I think it was more of a "there aren\'t that many Republicans in NYC" issue.', 'CNN still has Trump on the brain all day. I was always taught going up that children who couldn’t let go of grudges and get along with others will go on to live miserable lives alone.  CNN is almost alone.. less than 800k viewers in prime time spots.', "Everyone knows the old joke of they had to put a pork chop in the kids pockets so the dog would play with him.  While, when it came to young Donald,  even that didn't work.  True story...that's way he hates dogs.  (As true as anything he ever said at least)", "That was kind of obvious at the outset...why would a spontaneous mob assemble to support Trump prior to him even announcing?  And that's overlooking the fact that he announced in New York, where he is generally despised.", 'Idk. A Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory dream is pretty normal.\n\nWhen I was a kid, I wanted to be Indiana Jones. Not only was I super young (4, my parents weren\'t very strict with movies I got to see lol Ah, the early 80\'s... What a time to be a kid! 😆) but I\'m also female (something many people felt the need to point out to me as why it was "not an appropriate dream", except my parents, bless \'em), and, the biggie, archaeology is nothing like it is in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". I still think it was a fun dream though. Weird, but fun.', 'There is ZERO correlation between campaign rally crowd sizes and winning a general election. Trump should know this. Bernie Sanders can attest to this fact!', 'Is cnn covering governor cuomo? LOL', 'Enough already! Find something new to report on.', "Where's the video of Erin interviewing the scam artist in Nevada?\nHow come CNN doesn't have that up on their page?", 'Franktalk.com has all the receipts. It over, the people are standing for Freedom. We coming', 'Chris get some soft surfaces in that room!  The reverb is painful.', 'Is all ur points about trump ? Get over it man !!!', "Trump Trump Trump, Trump on the brain!!! Y'all just can't stop talking about him. LMAO! Your ratings suck!", "The Orange Tyrant's people know that his ego requires him to have an audience. \nThrough out his entire failed presidency, Comb-over wasn't concerned about issues that affect Americans. \nHe was only worried about crowd sizes, ratings, and his own popularity. \nEnd result of his failed performance: 600,000+ deaths and counting....", 'His POLITICAL career has been descending downhill just has escalator has, ever since.', "CNN doesn't even try to pretend to be a news organization any more.  Seek help!", 'The reasoning is ludicrous. I have bigger crowds, therefore, I have more votes. He has less crowds, therefore,  he has less votes. As a result, I won the election.', 'They paid extra money for the kid to drop the sign like in the Simpsons.', 'Just cant let HIM go...Real news didnt the Govenor of NEW YORK RESIGN TODAY...MAYBE HIS BROTHER CAN. GET SOME RATINGS UP TONITE.WITH REAL UP TO DATE  NEWS.', 'Looking forward to watching this network shoot from being captured and put in prison.', '"We have met the enemy, and he is us!"  ~ Walt Kelly\r\n"The secret of freedom is educating the people, whereas the secret of tyranny is keeping them ignorant."  ~ Robespierre\r\n“Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities” ~ Voltaire\r\n"There can be no successful appeal from the ballot to the bullet."  ~Abraham Lincoln\r\n“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence." ~ Charles Bukowski\r\n"Everybody has a right to their opinion, but nobody has a right to be wrong in their facts."  ~ Bernard Baruch, quoted in 1946 AP article.\r\n“It\'s easier to fool people than it is to convince them that they have been fooled.” \r\n~ Mark Twain\r\n“It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.” ~ James A. Baldwin\r\n"When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent."  ~  Isaac Asimov\r\n“If we are to have another contest in the near future of our national existence, I predict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon\'s but between patriotism and intelligence on the one side, and superstition, ambition and ignorance on the other.”  ~ Ulysses S. Grant, 1875\r\n"When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.”  ~ Typically misattributed to Sinclair Lewis, the original source of this quote is unknown, but likely derived from labor activist Eugene V. Debs 1917 quote, "Every robber or oppressor in history has wrapped himself in a cloak of patriotism or religion, or both."\r\n\r\n_Before World War II, Charles Lindbergh typified American heroism with his daring flights, including the first solo transatlantic flight, and his celebration of new technology. He parlayed his fame and heroic stature into a leading role in the America First movement, which opposed America’s entrance into the war against Nazi Germany. In 1939, in an essay entitled “Aviation, Geography, and Race,” published in that most American of journals, Reader’s Digest, Lindbergh embraced something close to Nazism for America:_\r\n\r\n_"It is time to turn from our quarrels and to build our White ramparts again. This alliance with foreign races means nothing but death to us. It is our turn to guard our heritage from Mongol and Persian and Moor, before we become engulfed in a limitless foreign sea."_\r\n\r\n_The America First movement was the public face of pro-fascist sentiment in the United States at that time. In the twenties and thirties, many Americans shared Lindbergh’s views against immigration, especially by non-Europeans. The Immigration Act of 1924 strictly limited immigration into the country, and it was specifically intended to restrict the immigration of both nonwhites and Jews._\r\n~ _How Fascism Works, The Politics of Us and Them_ by Jason Stanley\r\n\r\nOnce again, nationalism, aka fascism, has risen its ugly head in America, in European nations, and in some other countries around the world.  The fight of good people against ignorance, the fears that sprout from it, the hate which then blossoms, culminating in the bitter toxic fruit of evil, senseless brutalities and deaths, is a constant, never-ending battle we fear, but it is a battle from which we must never shrink.\r\n\r\nIn this era, the likes of Toxic Trump and Marginalized Greene have become the face of the new "America First" fascist movement built up over the last four decades by the GOP, Reich-wing plutocrats, demagogues, and media.  But, as with Lindbergh, the American people gradually come to recognize their dysfunctional poison and reject it.  Most Americans understand, accept, and appreciate that the enduring strength of America is that we are a nation of immigrants and multiculturalism, a "melting pot" where the best ideas rise to the top, and superficial differences are meaningless in the face of our common humanity and purpose.  Most Americans want competent leaders who speak truth, who strive to unite, who are not corrupt, who care about them.  So, it should come as no surprise that President Biden is already receiving high marks from the public, while Toxic Trump never managed to rise above even a 50% approval rating.  To conclude where begun, the following quotes are submitted for further reflection:\r\n\r\n"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."  ~ George Santayana\r\n"History doesn\'t repeat itself.  But it does rhyme.  ~ Mark Twain\r\n"That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history."  ~ Aldous Huxley\r\n"If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us! But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern which shines only on the waves behind."  ~ Samuel Taylor Coleridge\r\n\r\n(Reference also Father Charles E. Coughlin and Henry Ford in regards to the first America First movement.)\r\n\r\n"Call this civic barbarism. Instead of promoting the values of responsible citizenship, Trump, Republican leadership, and their media enablers have elevated and blessed the very worst among us. They are making many Americans less suited for self-government and more dangerous to their neighbors. And they are doing so for the reason some of the Founders most feared: To lead the mob against true democracy."\r\n~ Michael Gerson, from _\'Trumpism is American Fascism\'_\r\n(NOTE: Gerson is a staunch life-long conservative, who served as former President George W. Bush\'s chief speech writer.)\r\n\r\nMalcolm Nance: We Are In A Neo-Fascist Era In American Politics\r\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_RxUAe2zeM\r\n\r\nPolitical Analyst Tells Joy Reid: Forget Trumpism, IT’s Neo-Fascism\r\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IgNp84JA4A', 'The only time I ever saw DJT looking disgusted and defeated\nWas getting off the helicopter after his Tulsa debacle. . .\nWas a GOOD look for him. . .honest if nothing else', 'Stop talking about Trump! This is a pointless video. Ffs!', 'The dumpster, and his maggots lie about everything.', 'Go back and look at the rally crowd, after he was elected. They look like zombies. Where they paid to hold up signs, wear hat and T-shirts?', 'Cuomo the gold standard', "trump's saddest part of USA democracy...and still protected by he's party and the cult member fans", "It's a free country, I got the same, Arkanside saddle up, F.B.I. opinion hole in the head, as any other Joe blow.", "Like everything with Trump it's all smoke and mirrors. He constantly bragged about his ratings for The Apprentice but when you look at the actual numbers every season after the first showed fewer people watching than the series before. \n\nYou have to wonder with this obsession that Trump has with ratings and crowd sizes is over compensating for something. There are only two things that are consistantly big with Trump and that are his lies and his debts.", "I think the doctor went a little heavy on Cillizza' annual CNN lobotomy.", "I think the doctor went a little heavy on Cillizza' annual CNN lobotomy.", '“Look to me and be saved, you peoples from all corners of the earth;\r\n  for I am God, there is no other.” – (The Prophet Isaiah 45: 22) –\r\n\r\nSo never worship and pray in the way of religions; not even in the way of the pope or Christianity; because religions are all led by the many false prophets who continue to mislead us. None of them are sent by God, but only Jesus alone (in the name of Immanuel) for he is the Son of man and the true Prophet who was sent by the Lord God, to be always our one teacher…\r\n\r\nThese are the words of the Lord God: \r\n“I will raise up for them a prophet like you [Moses] from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth.” – (at Deuteronomy 18: 18) –\r\n\r\n“Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: A young woman is with child, and she will bear a son, and will call him Immanuel.” [“God is with us”] – (The Prophet Isaiah 7: 14) –\r\n\r\n“If you have ears to hear, then hear.” – (Jesus, in the name of Immanuel, the Messiah, at Mark 4: 23) –\r\n\r\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\r\n\r\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\r\n\r\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\r\n\r\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \r\n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\r\n\r\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \r\nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \r\nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \r\nThis is how you should pray:\r\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\r\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\r\nGive us today our daily bread, \r\nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\r\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \r\nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \r\nAmen. \r\nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\r\n\r\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\r\n\r\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\r\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\r\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\r\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\r\n  \r\n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \r\n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\r\n\r\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\r\n\r\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \r\nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \r\nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\r\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\r\n\r\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \r\n\r\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \r\nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\r\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\r\n\r\n"Stay awake, and pray that you may be spared the test: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." – (Matthew 26: 41) –\r\n“However, when he comes who is the Spirit of truth; he will guide you into all the truth.” – (John 16: 13) –\r\n\r\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20)\r\n\r\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Tuesday the 10th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', 'Trump everybody seems to be obsessed with him still. Like a old flame you cant stop talking about. You really still luv 😃', 'I absolutely know that Trump did steal the 2016 election for a fact my vote was switch I would never vote for him ever', 'The Founding Myth is a book by Andrew L. Seidel, on Why Christian Nationalism is UnAmerican.', "I bet Chris is taking his brother's resignation pretty hard. Perhaps he should join him.", 'Love your glasses Chris.', 'I hope someone on the left is taking notes and future Sanders 2.0 will be charismatic guy who also obsesses over crowd size. This combined with the policy will finally push a transformer over the finish line. We need Sanders/Trump hybrid.', 'What a sick monologue', 'He’s not even president anymore. Why don’t they talk about something else', 'Talk about how you got scammed into a go fund me for a FAKE evicted lady.', "instead of him going down the Escalator he should of been going up the Escalator it would of made a different he been hanging on this Escalator for far too long go away trump they don't want you anymore and alot of us don't want you at all go 😠", 'Interrogating the George S. Patton, death camp fanboy noise. Everyone is entitled to their opinion hole in the head.', 'Yes the escalator scene...where he paid all those actors to look like supporters....', "We all were man... it's called imagination brotha.", 'Entire GOP empowered con-man to run his RICO from the White House!', 'For libs like me brown eye play is always an option 👁👁', 'Come on now, would Lewandowski lie!', '«I was a strange kid»… How surprising. 😑', "In the not-too-distant future, there's going to be a picture book of U.S. Presidents, and the chapter about the 45th President will be just one page with one picture - a large, steaming pile of bull crap.", "Republican Choice & Freedom ? …  except of coarse when it comes to a woman's right to choose ,  and than its all about their precious bible ,", "Did you hear there is a coin shortage in America? We're running out of common cents.", 'Your boy Cuomo goes down too', 'He needs big crowds because he has that little pee-- pee  insecurity!!', 'W  E    W  O  N      SHAMED AND MEMED CUOMO RIGHT OUT OF OFFICE.                                LORI ! YOUR NEXT.     HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAH   HAHAHAAAAAAAAAA', "The swamp is ... gettin drained ... slowly, one after another.\n\nCNN couldn't patch it ... despite massive funding from the swamp, big tech, and double-standard 3-letter agencies ;)", 'Did you even researched this story unlike the babysitter you helped raise $230,000 over at GoFundMe? Did you enjoyed Obama maskless B-Day party? \nThanks for the free press you are giving the best President in decades, all the while people forget a puppet is in the Oval office.', 'YALL TALK ABOUT TRUMP MORE THAN BIDEN.', 'Cuomo freaking resigned 🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'This is news?!... Been known for a good while now... Welcome out from under the rock.', 'Old news, MSNBC broke this story a long time ago', 'Well, you can say a lot about both the Lewdsky and Cohen, but the escalator crowd of paid "actors" was a Trump "idea", those guys don\'t take a dump without Trump\'s approval!', 'Damn that escalator', 'His biographer said in interviews around 2016 that if Trump lost the next election he’d flap his arms claiming fraud and the election was stolen. David Cay Johnston, all his books are written with public information.', 'This man is so similar to a cartoon.  What a buffoon 😎', 'You fear trump than satan and covid19', 'John 8:44\r\nYe are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it.\r\n\r\nIsaiah 5:20\r\nWoe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!', 'Some serious TDS going on in the comments wow 😂', 'Around the time _Shart of the Steal_ came out, a friend from high school very enthusiastically declared that Donald trump was a genius.\n\nI asked him what made him a genius.\n\nHe said, "Well, look at all the money he has."\n\n I shrugged my shoulders and said, "Lots of dumb people have money and this guy doesn\'t even have any."', 'let\'s turn to God let\'s repent and ask for forgiveness let\'s study God\'s word and thank God for sending Jesus and all he\'s done Thank you God Shepherdschapelcom Theseasonorg explains the whole Bible God bless \n\n"I am the way, the truth and the life: no man cometh unto the Father but by me."\xa0\xa0 John 14:6\n\n\n1.\xa0KNOW\xa0that all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.\xa0Romans 3:23\n\n2.\xa0UNDERSTAND\xa0the wages of sin is death.\xa0Romans 6:23\n\n3.\xa0CONFESS\xa0that Jesus Christ is Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead.\xa0Romans 10:9\n\n4.\xa0REPENT\xa0of your sins\xa0Luke 13:3\n\n5.\xa0READ and STUDY\xa0God\'s Word to show yourself approved.\xa02 Timothy 2:15\n\n6.\xa0PUT ON\xa0the whole armor of God.\xa0Ephesians 6:11\n\n7.\xa0BEWARE\xa0of the son of perdition who is coming first disguised as Jesus to oppose and exalt himself above all that is called God, or worshipped.\xa0\xa02 Thessalonians 2:3,4\n\n8.\xa0WATCH\xa0and\xa0PRAY\xa0until the true Christ returns.\xa0Luke 12:37\xa0Remain as a chaste virgin waiting for\xa0 her true husband.\xa02 Corinthians 11:2', 'This “point” was pointless', 'Golden escalator ride descending was only a hint of what was to come in the next four years nowhere but down', 'You guys are literally obsessed with Trump….move on!', 'Why is CNN obsessed with him?', 'Donald Trump\'s entire career has provided a clarifying answer to the question; "What happens if you give a semi-literate psychopath with an advanced Narcissistic Personality Disorder a lot of money?"', "The 'REAL REASON' Trump wanted to remain President even though he lost, must be exposed...", 'Paid Supporters to start His Political Career. Sounds About Right, the Grand Illusion Starts With a Grand Illusion. LOL', "Democrats are so desperate, it's embarrassing.", 'Governor Cuomo resigns so should Fredo from CNN', 'Why do the Republicans use red to identify themselves when the whole world knows that is the colour of the Communist Party?', "Trump lied about something inconsequential. I'm shocked!", "They didn't pay them. They probably promised to and skipped out. Dude had to be pressured to donate promised money to veterans.", 'Seriously CNN and Chrissy!!!! What is this obsession with Trump?', 'I don’t care what Trump says, it wasn’t as good as Al Pacino’s escalator descent in “Carlito’s Way” 👍', "birtherism was the founding myth of the Trump movement. The idea that the first black president was illegitimate because he wasn't born here is where Trump should have been ostracized from politics but he wasn't. And it only went downhill from there.", 'I am the same age as tRump, I proudly still have my grip on reality.', 'well we all know a million actually is a lot', 'Cnn…y’all will need to do something about your ratings.  Going against trump won’t do it.', 'Fredo lost his brother lol', 'You guys just had your democrat governor resigned, what the hell is this nonsense doing here? lmao 🤣 When you see CNN dusting off 2018 tweets of a non existent account, you KNOW they ran out of smoke screens 💨', "The protest crowds in London when he made his state visit were the biggest ever seen; like you wouldn't believe it. No-one has ever seens crowds like it before, in the history of mankind!!!", 'Are you going to cover anyone from the current administration?', 'Fetus Trump - " Bring more doctors and nurses to my delivery.  If there aren\'t enough I\'ll cry."', 'Trump is a stain on the US reputation as beacon of hope and morality.', 'is there a term for crowd obsession..? as in a mental affliction..', "Whenever I see an episode of The point and it's all about Donald Trump I usually don't watch it. I'm kind of over it and you should be too.", 'We already know that Cohen and Lewandowski hired extras to show up for his events. They received $50 and a T-shirt.', 'T R A I T O R S.    A L L.', 'They were actors. I know. This is an old story bro', 'I hate hyperbole but I can surely say that no other POTUS in history talked so much about crowd size and ratings as Trump. Not even close.', 'You realize trump hasn’t been president for months now right?', "I think it's sad that Trump needs that kind of validation. Probably was not hugged enough as a child.", "And yet I tweeted to him that his Tulsa, OK crowd, including his own entourage, was about 1/3 of what the venue would hold. I told him that after several months w/o a rally, he couldn't even fill a THIRD of the available seats. I reminded him that he was losing his base, who in the past would've busted a nut to get to see him yet where were they? Then Herman Cain got COVID there and died. I reminded him that his base, alone, wasn't enough to get him re-elected.", 'Size does not matter unless it is a method of compensating for lacking somewhere else. \nAs djt can NOT read or spend more than 2.5 minutes on a single topic...maybe he is trying to compensate for lacking in the mind.', 'Well they believe a known pathological liar sad so sad.', 'They shot the escalator scene twice and paid people to attend. Like most things Trump the people who attended were made to wait almost a year for their $50 checks.', 'I wonder if Trump and his team paid all of the super spreader supporters that attended his campaign rallies last year. Would explain a lot!', 'strange kid...strange man. But enjoyable to watch :)', "I wonder how his cellmate will react when Donald claims the top bunk because of his 'bone spurs'.", "A man in a room complaining about Trump. That's a new one. Also, No introduction hurts your credibility.", 'So I hear the ex-Governor will be teaming up with his brother on CNN now that he has been freed from his political duties.', 'Sorry, but what was "the Point", other than things we\'ve all known for months if not years?', "Hmmmm\nAnother Trump story huh?\nNothing else going on today?\nNo “shocking” announcements?\n\nOk\n\nYou guys keep that “journalistic integrity” you got goin' on.\n\nYou are doing a hell of a job!\nI tell ya!\n\nSeriously, anybody who watches this network at this point is a fool.", 'Please bring back Trump. It\'s so entertaining for the rest of the world. Can I get a "Praise Jesus!"', 'Woman, Man, Camera. Prison , Soap 😨', 'I never appreciated the messiah complex of descending down the escalator from the heavens of Trump Tower to the lowly masses.', 'Charlie Company, lucky strike team, stunt yer spiritual epiphany, growth between yer toes.', 'at this point, can we please talk about trump as infrequently as is possible and practical?', 'Sounds about right!', 'Cuomo resigned 😂 \nNow for Chrissy boi……', 'I absolutely remember seeing that on the news that night and was disgusted.', 'NPR ran this story the day after it happened.  Trump advertised for actors specifically in the trades.', 'Only if CNN spent as much time examining the current administration. Or if they spent more time examining Chris big brother maybe some seniors may be alive.', 'making Trump say the truth or stick to facts is an absolute impossibility...like VERY HARD ^^', 'I love your video at large but i will advice everybody who is into cryptos to Stick with ETH and BTC as much as you can guys. If everyone sells when it starts to fall, which at one point it will, the dream may be lost because of it being too volatile for companies to get behind.', "Three out of your last four videos are about Trump. Dude, he's not my favourite too but can't you find other content. There's a new party in power now. Orange Man Bad can't be the only content.", "Trump's authoritarianism was oozing our while he rode the escalator down that day. Too many people thought the concerns of proto-fascism were alarmist and hype. Well… damn.", 'Offer to pay people to come forward with phone video proof that Trump Operatives paid them to attend and cheer him coming down elevator. That would be interesting!', 'All of it has been the biggest Scam in history and still to this very day still Scamming the public. Of the $100 plus mil he has raised so far in 2021 ZERO DOLLARS has gone towards the Election Recounts, Maga any comment?? Now we have people giving their life savings before being incubated. No doubt he burned the R Party to the ground what a utter disgrace.', 'DJT is now drawing dinky 4500 crowds', 'Grateful Dead in DC pulled in 10x the attendees than trump and that was before social media!!!!! I’ll go with the Dead anytime over that embarrassing figure!', 'i was paid $50 to be there.', 'The gig is up, traitors!', "You really can't quit him can you?", 'TLDR: Trump has size insecurities.', 'Just report the facts man and stop with these gimmicky effects. Its stupid and makes you look not credible', "One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one's Subjective Narrative of Self🎈", 'bicycle, lollipop, magazine photo op.', "When a guy says everything except him is fake news...it's a solid bet that guy is the fakest of news.", 'EVERYTHING about trump has been a MYTH from day 1.', 'Why aren’t we talking about the real and dangerous actions of trump’s fascism???', 'Does this guy ever discuss anything else?', "Chris Cillizza I genuinely find some of your videos and commentary, similar to S.E. Cupp's videos and commentry, entertaining and comedic however, all of the satire that is provided aside I think this fixation is now a bit much. We are now spiralling back to the beginning? This is an ill attempt to destabalize an ideaological Presidential foundation formed by Former President Trump and his campaign... it is ill attempted as you are 5 years too late. This was most likely already covered in the WSJ's mistruth compilations surrounding President Trump's campaign.", 'brags about LARGE crowds  to compensate   for small (you know....)\n\n\n\n\n\n...intellect', 'لعن الله عائشة بنت ابي بكر', 'ENOUGH ABOUT TRUMP!!!', 'Them 👓 🔥', "Hmm, who to believe - Trump? Lewendowski? Cohen? It's a tough one .... I mean, they're all so believable .........", 'The Simpsons correctly predicted in 2015 that Trump was paying random people $50 to stand around and cheer when he announced he was running for president.', "Doesn't it get old repeating yourself every single day? When is the next Jan 6 rant? Seriously, focus on the current issues.", 'Trump was the best thing that happened to this beautiful country.  Look at what’s happening now.  We can’t hide from the truth , this country is falling apart now .', 'LIBS, LETS NOT FORGET ABOUT CUOMO SHALL WE😊', "I've been a Republican all my life 1st vote was Reagan and Bush my adult  life Republican. (*Xpresident  chump *). Should be hit with the 14th Amendment. It lays out what it takes to stop him from being able to hold eney office ever. Liz Chaney is a great Republican she knows that they attacked our capital.  Juan.bx n.y.", "Isn't Biden the president, 7 months later, why are we still discussing former president trump. 🤔", 'Whaaaaat  another Trump bashing clip from CNN ...... say it ant sooo.   Maybe this is why they are on the BOTTOM of the ratings.', 'One Cuomo stepped down for disgusting behavior and failed leadership. Now the second Cuomo should do the same. After all he helped hide facts over and over.', "DJT'a poor little hands can't handle his tiny truth...", '😂🤣😂🤣Panic hmm kind of interesting, AZ audit pure fear👏👏👏👏', 'Isaiah 5:20 Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter.', 'It’s not a surprise; Julius Caesar refused a diadem (a mark of rulership) before a crowd, and some sources (the ones Shakespeare went with) did say he orchestrated the spectacle. You also have Hitler embellishing his rise to power with fanciful stories and retelling of how he was basically divinely ordained to power. It’s part of the Demagogue’s Playbook, every time you get a cult of personality you get some fanciful story about the rises to power.', 'Do you believe the carnival barker when he tells you the snake woman is the daughter of the queen of Borneo?  Then Trump is your man.', 'And he was surrounded by paid actors, how do feel now extras?', 'Mr Little Hands seems to have size issues.', "Coumo resigned broken heart. That's sad when you know it was a set up. Appalling!", "Paying for crowds at political rallies is what dictators in s***hole countries do. It's really sad what happened to America: the descent", "It's surprising to hear CNN use the word fake. There's no other network or online site that distorts the truth more than you. Your own tech director said you were nothing more than propaganda and opinion!", 'You picked the wrong Sam Jackson \'what\' clip. "Say what again... do they speak English in what?" -- Pulp Fiction: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo5jnBJvGUs&ab_channel=Miramax', '*RIP ANDREW CUOMO CAREER* !!!!!!!', 'No matter what or how much trump lies to his supporters they are willing to go down the worm hole so show the education system has fled them', "Funny how some people can get so bitter because they haven't achieved everything they wanted in their own lives maybe they should try a little harder instead of trying to ride the coattails of other people", 'It happens in Mexico all the time.', "hmmmmm CNN,\nwhere's your coverage of governor pervert Cuomo resigning???", 'Props to the guy/gal who took the time to edit in those cartoon sound effects.  They sounded great and put a smile on my face.', 'This guy is such a Bozo', 'anyone else click on for the title & then click off the instant you see it’s this guy?', 'Stop torturing Trump supporters, there is not much for them to hang on to except Fox News and then watching Trump on his golf course! He certainly managed to score a hole in their mind!', 'He didnt descend. He was chosen by thr Religious Right to help them gather voterd so they could take over America.', 'yeah whatever...he is still he king...and you work for CNN with 6 viewers', '1 Corinthians 13:1 If I speak in the tongues of men or of angels, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. (NIV)', 'Reality television personality. Trump then went on to play a reality television president for ratings. He is still playing a reality television personality. He continues to strive for ratings.', 'The most successful con man in U.S. history', 'We knew this was fake when we first saw it, but "hey he\'s funny!" 🙄', 'Love is the answer', "How come Trump didn't have some product placements? Drinking a Coke. Wearing a Nascar jacket. A big foam hat with an Amazon logo.", "Hey CNN Why don't you send Chris to join his brother ?", "I hope fredo reports on his brother's resignation, the same person you people at CNN were praising just a year ago", "It's not a myth it is meth a pheta know what I mine", 'do some reporting on the current president thankyou', 'Who could have imagined???    Just kidding. . .', 'The TDS coming from you people isn’t funny anymore……it’s frightening!', 'rachel maddow did this two months ago', "Chris mate can we please move on from Trump now. Seems like every episode is about Trump this Trump that. Isn't there anything else to talk about or maybe its an obession🤔. Big fan of yours and the show but enough of Trump please🙏🏾", "I BELIEVE THAT ANY MSM (MAINSTREAM) 'NEWS OUTLETS' - WHETHER VIA PRINT, BROADCAST, OR INTERNET - THAT FAILS TO COVER THIS EVENT WILL VERY QUICKLY BECOME A QUARTER TO ONE HALF OF A  PAGE IN HISTORY BOOKS.\nA TOTAL BOYCOTT OF ALL OF THEM, AND THEIR ADVERTISERS, SHOW THEM\n  WE WANT THE TRUTH, AND WE WANT IT IN A TIMELY MANNER!", 'I think anyone that spreads lies rumors and conspiracies should have their legs broken.', "As long as people will get paid to see trump speak of course he will have a full house that's the only way to get people to come and listen to him Biden doesn't need to pay people", 'If you dont see the problem with cnn you are blind', 'The cuomo brothers - fraud and fredo', "you still don't know what is real", "I hear Rudy is looking for the next orange-a-tan rally 'cause he needs the $50.00.", 'You get your mail from Kevin Costner?  Old news.', 'Trump started his political career going down an escalator and it just keeps going down...', 'Is it me or are CNN obsessed with trump,', "Where have you been? 😄  We knew this right after this happened.  Trump also paid people to attend his birthday party.\nHe's  just that kind of grifter.", 'Trump, everyday all day on CNN.  He owns you.', "Close your eye's and keep dreaming......", 'FAKE CNN! Always talking about Trump. Always trying to find "bad brushes" to paint on Trump. IT WILL NEVER WORK! #MAGA', 'Why are you guys still on Trump. Move on, damn….', "The paid bystanders have been known about for years. The extras that were paid to be there put the gig on their social media and resumes pretty quickly. Trump's people were furious, and the agency tried to pull it all back, but the cat was out of the bag.", 'We all remember Biden/Harris rallies..17 supporters 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Individual 1 need to be process.', 'I don’t want my kids going to school in a racial jungle ~ Joe Biden   Poor kids are just as smart as white kids. Also, your beloved President, Joe Biden. Why don’t we talk about how racist HE is? Why only glowing reports?', 'For the people, of the people, by the people.  We the People are taking America back from the central banks and the Uniparty.  You are witnessing the changing of the old guard.', 'And the Trump Elevator continues its downward trajectory....', 'Could you please report on something relevant?  How about the border crisis, escalating crime rate, or even who your president is sniffing today!', 'And what about your cuomo myth 😂', 'They must provide free shine for those that attend trumps rallies. The more they drink, the better he sounds.', 'Great title! 🙄', 'More widely, i should say.', 'Trump paid these actors $50, but stiffed them 1st . hilarious 😆', "Why are you not covering the Obama drug dispensing 3 day party????? It's being shown everywhere this is a much bigger story line. Oh yeah it's because the Obama's illegal practice is supported by CNN!!!", 'You can tell when CNN’s ratings are going under because they always bring up Trump they just love that man LOL', 'Of course it was a staged event. Not news.', '🤣🤣🤣', 'This guy face is depressing 🤣', "put subtitles in Portuguese I can't speak English", 'Biggest this biggest that, we all know Trump is compensating for a little p-p, just ask Stormy "mushroom"', "Don't mind me. Just waiting for CNNs video on Cuomo resigning.", 'dude those glasses and im being nice', 'Rent free cnn.', 'ALWAYS BET ON BLACK, LETITIA JAMES!!!!', 'Pretty sure Trump set it up, even copied The Simpsons; but just unable to pay Homer.', 'Wow does this guy love Trump!', 'This clip is ridiculous. We have so much more going on and you’re fixated on Trump’s elevator announcement.', '*CNN is **_still_** defending soon to be ex governor Cuomo... Incredible!*', 'Its always the same peoples at his rallies', 'When will TDS stop?', "Y'all STILL talking about Trump? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭", "This is pathetic. You need trump for views. To stay relevant. This much like a female who doesn't like another female, trying to find anything they can to talk about and gain other people to be on their side. This is very feminine and weak. Poor guy. Can't even be a man on air. Can't even report on anything worthwhile.. this is just pathetic and sad.", 'It’s funny how they’re not talking about New York governor', "Still talking about Trump's ' numbers '  , rather than Cuomo s numbers .... 15,000 that we know of .", 'BBD in full effect...', 'Trump won the whole world knows .', 'I frickin knew it.', 'The TDS is strong in this one .', 'Big deal so what if he exaggerates event size focus on the senile corrupt President you have today 2021 still going on aboubt Trump.', 'Why does any of this matter anymore', 'LET THE MAN ALONE !..  HE IS NOT IN OFFICE ...', 'Totally happened, Trump has and will always be a fraud.', 'Beyond pointless', "Cuomo just resigned in case you didn't hear . Turn on Fox so you can stay updated. Brian's got it on in his office.", 'They were paid to be there', "He's not even the president anymore find a new topic lol", 'And yet, Trump still living in CNN rent free.', 'Trump forever and keep his name out of your mouth CNN.', 'Why is CNN trying to keep Trump alive? If you truly despise him stop talking about him..', "Cohen was the only one of  Trump's buddies to flip. And the only one to get jail time.", 'What was the point ? That cnn can’t stop talking about trump', 'Andrew Cuomo\nAnthony Weiner\nMichael Avenatti\nJeffery Toobin\nWill the last HERO at CNN please turn out the lights ?\nTed Turner sends', 'What I want to know is how many lawsuits are there against the Orange President... and which of these will have the strongest impact on said Orange. Am I the only one?', 'CNN has the word FAKE stuck in their craw, ever since Trump called them out for being so.', 'Glad we sent him back up to his golden throne.', 'Enjoy your inflation Biden brings', 'Hail Biden', "Socialized Globalism is no different than National socialism....the only real difference is it's victims...", 'You should be glad of Trump, because for him, you eat,... Yes you love talked about Donal Trump, and you tube... paid you for this fake news....', 'TRUMP 2020', "Andrew Cuomo's treatment of his subordinates is a very touchy subject.", 'Didn’t Americans noticed that the escalator ride was downwards . That’s where Trumpism brought the country and it will be downwards from here on ……….', 'Stop defunding police. For the last time just because ONE cop did something bad doesn’t mean every police officer is bad. Also: SLEEPY JOE WON BY ELECTION FRAUD', 'No shit...Are all Americans this slow on the uptake?', 'It did change America,  very much for the worse.', 'Does this dude only screech about *Trump* or does he screech about other things as well *?*', 'good day comrades.', 'You guys are obsessed and Trump continues to live in your heads.', 'Blaaa blaaaa blaaaa more lies from the mockingbird media', "Nothing about Cuomo resigning, huh? Where's Fredo?", "There isn't anything about trump that isn't fake.\nHair, tan, marriage(s), children, money, education etc. I would say even his personality is fake except that what he has been using a personality is really just a collection of character flaws.\nMaybe work a little bit harder on your catchy titles for your videos.", "If there was a 99.7% chance that you didn't have cancer, would you still get chemotherapy?", 'Fort Detrick Enigma: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxDS8GGcPcA', 'I think President Trump’s enablers (particularly those in Congress) will regret supporting him long after Trumpism finally leaves the Republican Party and American politics as a whole', 'Governor Cuomo resigns while there at it Fredo should resign from cnn!', 'Who the hell cares 6 years later???!!!!!', 'Nothing on the Governor Cuomo resignation?', 'This is news?', 'Damn Chris, last 5 videos are all about Trump 😂 You are one sad obsessed little man!', 'Epitaph of Donald J. Trump:  \r\nBORN:  *LOSER*\r\nDEATH:  Inexpedient', 'The best President...Donald J Trump 💖💖💖 so looking forward to President Trump ( commonsense and transparent policies) returning to the WH💖👍', 'Why CNN so obsessed with trump ? Kinda disgusting 🤢', 'Just here for my daily dose of comedy, brought to me by CaNoN\'s obsession with "the Don".', 'trump lost, get over it CNN. you are obsessed, Biden is in charge now.', 'Know how to get rid of trump? Stop talking about him', 'Low views. Dead network', 'Everything about Trump has been fake for decades. Even ‘The Boardroom’ on the TV show The Apprentice was fake. It was in a TV studio. He’s a sham.', 'not news this was already known for some time', "CNN doesn't report on this, so these are the real news today: Andrew Coumo resigns, Fredo is sent into (temporary) exile... well, well, well, two careers are going down the drain. Love it.", 'The myth of CNN’s viewership is fake.', "I think This Guy's in Love with Trump", 'Pres. Trump has a permanent home in this guys head. I think Donald is having his way with this guys few brain cells, but it is consensual.', 'Trump was right.  He really does own space in your little brains.   I bet these people really hate themselves, it would have to be a hard life to know that without Trump you have nothing to talk about.', 'Meanwhile Cuomo resigned, but I get it TDS.', '🏹Turkey⚔ Erdogan\xa0war Indian police corona virus Turkey\xa0🏹 Erdogan\xa0 Delhi police🏹🏹Erdogan\xa0war🏹💣', '💙💙🇺🇸🇺🇸Biden 2024!!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸💙💙', 'Trump complained during his entire presidency that the election he WON was illegitimate.', "It's hilarious all the other networks are reporting news and you guys are stuck on trump. He lives in your head rent free.  Although CNN really is nothing without trump is it?", "So the narrative network is still running on the Trump theme? Why not cover the news? Cuomo resigning? Northern border closed, yet southern border wide open? Inflation? Double-standards on what is a super-spreader? Lack of progress on renwable energy? Biden doing nothing on bringing us together? Documenting the first 7 months of this administration and coming to the honest truth that we were better off as American's this time year than we are now? Makes perfect sense.", 'Whoever uses the word "Trumpism" makes me question their mentality.', 'Looks like Cuomo resigned, next is Chris Cuomo. But I doubt CNN has any standards left.', "Cuomo story all over the press yet CNN does another Trump hate piece. Can't wait for the end of this activism channel.", 'TRUMP FOREVA.....BYE2  TO FREDO BIG BRO', 'CNN...\nCHINESE \nNEWS \nNETWORK. 🇨🇳', 'If only CNN had actually vetted Trump in 2015 instead of riding him for higher ratings we might have been spared this disaster. Instead, they were the marketing arm of Trump for President.', "Trump has been a life long fraud, I wouldn't even grace an event of his with a fart let alone attend one.", '😄. Trump is obsessed with his own vanity.', 'People need to realize that if his daddy hadn’t been rich, no one would have ever heard of Trump.', 'DO YOU WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH? \nYou can watch Mike Lindell’s Cyber Symposium at    http://frankspeech.com     right now but be sure to tune in at 7pm for the BIG SURPRISE!', 'Trump started as a scam, ended as a dangerous joke.', 'Ate up with trump…', "Chris must be desperate for viewers, dragging out a four- or five- year-old story. What would the media (all of them) do if they couldn't keep Trump in the news? They might have to try reporting on actual important things. What a concept...", 'CNN sure talks a lot about Trump LOL!', 'The caption makes no sense.\nThe myth is a myth? \nOr the fake is a fake?!\nSpeak English people !!\nI lose interest quickly.  So do others..', 'They’re terrified of the orange man!! \nHow sad', 'Coumo steps down "hurry and run another trump video"', 'The Trump obsession on this channel is alive and well I see lol', "Cuomo just resigned and as of right now there is no video about that. Only about the guy who hasn't been president for over 7 months.", 'Exaggerating his crowd size makes up for the little mushroom.', '🤣🤣🤣🤣 CNN', 'wish i was a liberal so that i did not have to think for myself lol', 'Go 45 (to life)!!!', '🤣‼️', 'A lot of things about Donnie 45 is fake. Like his tan.', 'Still on trump ha , dam shame', 'What is the purpose of this video.  He does not talk about any myth to Trumpism at all.  He is just bashing Trump and for what reason?', "I'll tell you what is fake, CNN, just look at those Cuomo brothers, should be ashamed passing yourselves off as a news Channel.", 'Anyone know someone who just had a 5th generation "chosen" welfare single mom  child? I do. Welfare it\'s dynastic.', 'Still talking about Trump?', 'Why can’t CNN move past trump ?', 'in just a few days trump will be re instated WE WON GET OVER IT ...MAGA', 'Trump voters: We hate Hollywood and celebrities should stay out of politics \n\nAlso Trump voters: Hey everyone let’s make a Hollywood reality TV star who’s not a politician President and call it a day', 'How about them Cuomos?', "I enjoy your videos but it seems all you ever talk about is Trump. We all know he's a fraud and of course people were paid to appear.  That isn't a secret. So, could you maybe talk about someone or something else?  Please?", "this network simply cannot survive without TRUMP.   since January they've covered TRUMP more the current senile biden.  Very Sad", '*🐱Y grabber Andrew Cuomo resigns.*', 'Como is gone...lmao', 'Ha. This is funny. Of course CNN is going to say this. I hope rumors are true. That CNN is going out for good', 'Hahaha.\nCNN knows that Trump is the only way to improve its viewer rating.', "....i would believe trump did not pay anyone to attend rally... i would really believe that he SAID he would pay them, then didn't...", '45th Imposter in Chief put the "fraud" in FRAUDIT!', "No coverage of Cuomo's resignation on CNN? Shocking...", "Andrew Cuomo resigned in disgrace. \nLet's talk about that and forget about Trump for a minute.", 'Best president by far.', 'Can we talk about 2 different Trump rallys not paying buses to ship the supporters back to their cars? He left them out in the cold, with no way back to their cars, twice...', "It wouldn't be real if it wasn't fake. Now would it son? That's like saying you didn't like the movie because you felt the plot twist was fake. And I thought you only told stories to children. I didn't know you were one of them. I like the myth because it opens the door to possibility. Which leads to creativity if not creation itself. But that's another story and it all becomes very confusing. Pick a myth. Any myth. Same myth", "Cizilla is still is SRANGE. Sorry I just don't have time for his nonsensical BS and meaningless minutia today. The rest of you be sure to pay attention to his false framing, gaslighting, propaganda. Chris's job is to manipulate stupid peoples thought patterns into the group think hive mind.", 'CNN LEAVE TRUMP ALONE, ALL FOR RATINGS', '👍👍👍👍', 'Regardless whether true or not... how insecure must one be to boast about the size of their own crowd? Sad, just sad.', 'CNN has lost all credibility, how can people still stomach this channel??', 'Trump 202X 🇺🇸', 'This seems like the kind of thing that a dying Outlet would do. You got to hang on to those clicks somehow.', 'This was BORING, ..come on CNN get it together', 'Trump won', 'Still sweating Trump... god its so PATHETIC', '50 dollars would NOT get me to attend anything Trump.', 'Jesus said that hell is a place of weeping and gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and where the fire is never quenched and eternal punishment and outer darkness. And the only way to escape it is to repent of your sins and have him as your  Lord.', 'You guys need to let go of Trump one of these days... Your obsessive hatred of him is unhealthy...lol', 'You just realized this now? People at that event, said they were paid to be there.', "CNN:   Orange Man bad, his followers are fake\nMe:   I'm watching NY Governor (aka defeated democrats) Cuomo resignation with pop corn :D", 'CNN has their lowest ratings in history…While Fox News has the highest ratings of any news source on TV😂', "I cancelled cable tv primarily because of Fox...CNN...MSNBC...'nuff said", 'No surprise whit his big ego', 'Trumpers will believe any thing Trump say and do.', "LMAO Trump living on cnn's head free rent all the time!", 'Fake all around. What is not fake for the ExMan?', 'Like cnn is 🤣', "Stop the diversion. Focus on your liberal NY Governor who's resigning. Trump is living his life. That's my opinion.", 'Its hilarious that 🤣 some people still think CNN is real news!!!!!!!!!! 😂😂😂🤣😂😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😊😊😊😁😁😁😁😊😊😜😜😜😜😜😜🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Trump is history. Now I want you to start disecting Biden in the same way you hounded Trump.', "You don't say...", 'TNN - Trump news network. \nI’m so burnt out from Trump. He isn’t the president and you guys keep giving him so much publicity.', "So while crisis come's up .Bitcoin climbs lol 😆 Now i say crypto is better than stock investing in crypto should be in every wise individual to do list .", "Jim Jones took 909 of his cultists with him. How many of Trump's cultists are going to drink his poison Kool Aid when he gives them the word?....................................Hopefully all of them!", "We're headed towards one world government soon be ready everyone", "How ironic to hear him talking about Trump's obsession with crowd sizes as he indulges his obsession with Trump #TDS", 'Geez! I thought CNN liked myths cause they been making them for years!', 'Shout out to George Floyd on fifteen months of sobriety. It took some tough love but he did it. Say his name liberals🖕..', 'CNN is the worst name in news.', "Joe's prez", 'EGOMANIAC = Tronald Dump', 'Trump Strong like ManlyMan Pootin & FloridaMan', "You talk too fast.  I have good hearing, but half the  time I can't understand you.  Do this video over.", 'Fake news!', 'Trump won! 🇺🇸', 'Trump is a poor person’s idea of a rich person.', 'How isthis news? His entire life is a lie and fake.', 'Every other outlet is talking about Cuomo, CNN just keeps talking about Trump.\nGotta respect that consistency.', 'President Donald Trump really was the greatest president, look how infatuated democrats are with him.', 'Ok CNN!!  You need a new boogie man.  If I had a dollar for every trump video..... you get the point.', 'Why does CNN have such a hard on for Trump?', 'It was faked?   NO !!\n..   Said NO ONE!', 'Size is the male macho thing to a superficial person like Trump.', 'trump has a strong affinity for hitler.... then again, this liking is for almost all despots... he has a fascination with power that is confounding.', 'Trump> Dementia Joe', 'Lets vote for Trump again in 2024, we need some populism to save America.', "Not covering Cuomo? Aren't you sick of his name in your mouth yet?  Get over it and report today's  clown show!", 'Any word on cumo? i heard hes out as Gov of NY..?', 'It’s funny how they talk about Trump instead of the New York governor which he is a pervert', 'If you want the truth', 'Trump never had a legitimate crowd or presidency.', 'Emperor Trump has no clothes\r\nAnd its quite the ugly scene\r\nBut be wary not to doze...\r\nOr things could get really mean!', 'Trump gets almost as many people as the Teletubbies', "Lmao why I'd CNN still talking about Trump. He really is living rent free in the media's head", 'i havent heard a reporter even ASK about the criminal investigation of hunter biden. or ASK about his obvious mental decline. and the list goes on. of course, biden doesnt really take questions. remember when trump answered to hostile reporters every day?', 'Omg get over Donald Trump. Do a piece on your current president. This is embarrasing.', 'Bye Cuomo 😂', "His skin color is fake, his hair color is fake, his name is fake even. I suspect his name isn't even Donald.", "fake? fake you say! trump is putin in disguise! now that's real!", 'I’ll grab my ankles whenever a lib is around 😲', "Still talking about Trump but can't talk about Cuomo quiting because he was going to get the ax. Wonder what fake news Chris Cuomo going to talk about.", 'Andrew Cuomo resigned in disgrace. If Chris Cuomo doesn’t follow suit, then CNN will become an even bigger joke than it already is', 'Totally nuts', 'Obsessed with Trump this channel is 😑', 'Pittsburgh Pennsylvania where we love and support our President Donald Trump', 'Who you telling??', 'Hahahahaha hahahahahahahahhahaa BYE BYE CUOMOOOOOOOO !!!!', 'CNN must be scared because the truth is coming out', "I think it's great listening to sheep yell at the other sheep who vote for a master who want to control them", "_indonesia loves CNN_ 💟 \n\n*_greeting from Bali  island_*  🌅🌴\n _we're indonesia volcano & nationalpark tour organiser._", 'When Trump was in office, there was no vaccine mandates, gas and groceries were cheaper. 3 reasons, I miss President Trump.', "If they really paid people to be there, why wouldn't some of these people come forward and say so??", 'God bless President Trump 🇺🇲', 'WE LOVE you PRESIDENT TRUMP BEST PRESIDENT EVER he will be BACK ❤🇺🇲❤🇺🇲❤🇺🇲❤', 'I can’t wait for Donald Trump to win again for  the third consecutive time in 2024!  Cheat again and January 6th will look like nothing!', 'You easily critize Donald J Trump but Hes the only one to Have Such Personnality and Courage he didnt pass his whole life behind a desk or a screen speculating and watching others people lives He made Him by Himself with no comparison existing', '*CUOMO JUST RESIGNED🤣*', 'Every single rally. Anyone need an xtra. Pc of sh', "Obama's covid hypocrisy- address it.", 'Anyone remembers  " imagine if I were president " statement made by the "Great leader " himself?'], ['It\'s a good thing he is so " hands off limited government"', "Teachers and Administrators should go on strike . It's their lives at risk not his", "Withhold DeSantis' paycheck and charge him with medical care of every child hospitalized with Covid.", 'DeSatan needs his salary permanently withheld.', "Florida school board votes to keep mask mandate, defying DeSantis\n\nGood hopefully more patriots can join don't let big government run your schools", 'My kid started high school today and everyone were wearing mask in school F Desantis', 'DeSantis fighting hard to murder the children of Florida.', 'Taliban: Why bother attacking US when Florida Gov does it already', "When evil people politicize a pandemic for their own personal gain, this is what happens. It's a real head shaker and history will look back on this with total disbelief.", 'Thats Ilegal, He is trying what his buddy Donnie mouthed off about', 'Dr DeSatan wouldn’t know the difference between a foot and a hand. He’s barely a Gov. stay out of medical issues you have no clue about.', 'Nice line in the sand Desantis, the 1st time you cross it you will have every teacher in your State walk off the job.\nWatch how fast your State gets shutdown as parents are forced to stay home because there is no teaching in person or online', 'The New Covid vairiant in Florida is: DeSantis.', "He's insane!", '"Make America A Banana Republic" - HonduRon DeSantis', 'The kid that has the mask will be the target of the bully. A good governor would take advice on the science keep those kids at home if they don’t want to wear a mask, that would be decision, or freedom of  “Their Chose”.   We have a “New Variant”, because those that don’t want to wear a mask came in contact with the new virus and it spread.', 'Yeah " not the brightest bulb in the chandelier": Stephen King.', "Is Ron DeSantis for real, or is he Florida's new Dexter Morgan?? Either way, he's actively killing a lot of Floridians.", 'He has no authority to do that. He\'s assuming a role no governor has. Traveling to the U.S. Mexican border to determine U.S. policy. He"s an example of the bully pulpit. I\'m surprised at his lack of analytical ability considering his alleged education.', 'It’s funny how often people forget there are already mandatory vaccines for students, faculty & staff all the way from grade school through college and act like this is some unprecedented action 🙄', "Just when you think you've heard everything, along comes this dangerous clown", 'Dear desantis,\nThanks for having our back.\nSincerely,\nThe Delta Variant', 'Teachers, nurses, and doctors should go on strike in Florida. DeSantis should easily be able to handle the pandemic and education right?', '"The governor\'s priorities are to protect parents rights (cause they vote) and not the children\'s health ( cause they can\'t)......So if they get sick or die, too bad..."', 'So now he will hold back salaries if people don’t look out for the students best interest?', 'Just like the good lord withheld a heart, soul and mind from DeSantis', "What happened to being a responsible American Citizen and having morals, Do unto others as you'd have done to you", "Florida could impeach him I thought especially when he's using his power to kill people", 'Stop putting children in the middle of whats clearly a political argument its sickening.  If they dont want them wearing masks then tell them to stay home in protest.', "He's essentially writing the Democrats' campaign messaging for them.", 'Bin Laden who?  Florida has DeSanturd for "the job".  LMAO', "As a floridian, DeSantis has lost his ever loving mind. I feel no pay. No work..see how he feels when schools shut down and kids aren't learning at all!", 'Desantis priority is messed up he’s more concerned about Cuba then the people of Florida', 'Great idea Ron, holding needed salaries during a pandemic that has mutated to another variant 😷.', "Dessantis doesn't seem as though he wants this pandemic/virus to go away, he keeps opposing what the scientist are suggesting. It's baffles me that he is jepordizing the lives of the children, teachers, administrators, cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, bus drivers. He's certainly not helping the situation. It's baffling", "Why doesn't he just put poison in the kids' Kool-aid like they did at the Jim Jones compound?  Wasn't a deadly parental choice?", 'can we start a petition to have him removed from office?', "When evil people politicize a pandemic for their own personal gain, this is what happens. It's a real head shaker and history will look back on this with total disbelief.", 'Oh the republican hypocrisy! "Dont tell me what to do!!" \nThe next day,"Im gunna with-hold your pay if you defy me!!!!" \n\nNever ends.', "Better be careful, or you'll end up being the only one without a paycheck, Ron!!!", 'To goal post will be set at "the infection rate"', 'EDUCATORSSSSSS..... remember this when it comes election time!!!! Vote him out and vote Charlie Crist back in.', 'Protecting “parents rights” you say? What about the students health? SMH', "He starts holding back salaries, he won't have any teachers.", 'He can try. The courts will take care of him.', '“If” school teachers defied a Democrat', 'Show the video where desantis said what you’re saying is true.', 'The covid virus is VERY happy with #GovDeathSantis.', 'I’m sure he and everyone around him are vaccinated,', 'He’s evil', 'gov ron desantis only cares about his political power not the lives of floridians.', 'DeSantis will take their pay and give it to private prisons. He will then give teachers coupons to get a loaf of bread and a choice between rice and pasta weekly. Then turn around and call everyone communist if you disagree with DeSantis decision.', 'If i was those parents I would do ANYTHING to keep my child stay safe.  "Safety First" instead of selfishness for beliefs.', "Governor DeSantis needs to be impeached. He's spreading lies.", "Do you think it will be okay to wash my hands after going to the bathroom? \nI heard that that helps prevent spreading diseases.\nBut I wouldn't want to suggest that I'm trying to restrict anybody's freedom.", 'Just focusing on the free labor issue:  What is the difference between "working and having your salary withheld" and SLAVERY? Please explain.', 'The apostle John said that “the whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.” (1Jo 5:19) He is therefore “the ruler of this world.” \nJohn 12:31 "Now there is a judging of this world; now the ruler of this world will be cast out"   Eventually the world domination by Satan and his demon angels will end. (Daniel 2:44) “In the days of those kings the God of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed. And this kingdom will not be passed on to any other people. It will crush and put an end to all these kingdoms, and it alone will stand forever" I suppose by association if the wicked one is the ruler of the world that would mean the worlds political leaders are under Satans control.', "What is the difference between what DeSantis has done and someone paying a hit man to randomly mass murderer? I'm asking because I don't actually know.", "I can't wait for the Lambada variant! I LOVED the Delta because it was fantastic but you know the reviews for Lambada are just so exciting!!!! Can't wait. Watching the BBC means guaranteed infection!! Stoked !!!!", 'If I were Biden, I would withhold all federal funding and subsidies from states where governors have impeded vaccination and efforts to control the virus. These states don’t want the feds involved, fine let’s take our money and put it where it will be better used.', 'The fact that someone would disagree with our governor proves you have no logic. But let’s be honest you’re watching CNN for your news source so…. I am Florida resident with children in three different public schools in Florida. I believe in vaccines. I believe people have the right to choose whether they do or do not. But isn’t about the use of cloth masks in public schools?!? I believe parents should and always will ultimately have the choice! And our governor is telling school board administrators that’s how it’s going to be as well. If a school board is going to force a child to wear a cloth mask that has been proven to be basically useless Then why hasn’t the national standard since the pandemic been N-95 masks and face shields? I stand by our governor! Our state is doing great how are the blue states these day y’all?🤣', 'We love our kids and teachers!  Once ur term is done, u r done!', '“Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.” So wrote English nobleman Lord Acton in 1887.', 'So wouldn’t he then be the one stopping kids from going to school?', 'So imagine a Governor blocking funds to a school that requires updated vaccinated students.  This is basically the same thing.', 'I thought the GOP wanted less govt interference?!', "CNN's double standards makes them completely untrustworthy", 'If ANY GUY who was told to stay away from me with defamatory information,\n\nwants to show up at my door and tell me the truth.\n\nThat would be great.', "He'll see a teacher shortage like no other if he keeps it up.", "Residents of Florida should withhold DeSantis' salary though a recall effort.", "DeSantis says We're a free and open State as long as you do as I say.", 'DeathSantis is turning Florida into the Deathlands. Eff him, I hope he catches it.', "So the guy who's from the party that champions small government wants to use the government to shove down your throat how you should behave or you'll be punished?", "Lol, he's most concerned about parent's rights while his people are dying from a deadly pandemic... I feel like that's just a made-up thing, like the right of the parent to decide what the kids wear in school is totally a new thing he just made up", 'Ah, the party of "small government" strikes again.', 'Desantis claims to be “ prolife “ except  when it comes to school age kids.  Then it’s let em die .', 'Florida’s Death Toll Now Exceeds DeSantis’ Margin of Victory', 'Our own father have lived up to their own age with the help of herbs and roots, why do we think we can not live long enough with these herbs and roots by Doctor Ehijator, herbs are gift from God to make you well so be grateful and be bless with it.', "That sure didn't stop states keeping us from having mustaches or wearing spaghetti strap shirts...", "I wander how will he stick with what he's doing before he realizes the horse is dead he's trying to ride.", 'A man is standing in the middle of a house; a house on fire and burning down all around him.  And that man is yelling _"do not bring fire hoses here, there\'s no need for them!"_  That pretty much sums up Ron DeSantis.', "According to the European Society for Communicable Diseases' knowledge compilation, the use of oral hygiene in society has a small to medium effect on the spread of infection. general use of oral protection in society is not justified. Are the swedish CDC and EU Lying our the US? You guys fight over stuff that dont mather. Insane country", "A desperate man making threats he can't follow through on. Time to show him that the citizens are the ones calling the shots.!!! Teacher Strike!!!!!", 'Governor Super Spreader just saw his career tank!  Anyone in America who threatens our precious children is reviled!  Your arrogance and conceit undid you Gov!!', '“A TRUE WARRIOR, like tea, shows his STRENGTH in hot water.”\n\n- (Heart of a Warrior 💛)\n\nEzekiel 33:6\xa0\n"But if the WATCHMAN (Me 👀) sees the sword coming and FAILS TO BLOW THE HORN TO WARN THE PEOPLE, and the sword comes and takes away a life, then that one will be taken away in his iniquity, but I will hold the WATCHMAN ACCOUNTABLE for his blood."\n\nJohn 15\n"This is MY COMMANDMENT, That ye LOVE one another, as I have loved you!"\n\n"Greater LOVE hath no man than this, that a man LAY DOWN HIS LIFE FOR HIS FRIENDS!"\n\n"Ye are my FRIENDS, if ye DO whatsoever I command you."\n\n"Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth NOT what his Lord doeth: but I have called you FRIENDS! For ALL things that I have heard of my Father I have MADE KNOWN unto you!"\n\n"Ye have not chosen me, but I have CHOSEN YOU, AND ORDAINED YOU, that ye should go and bring forth Fruit, and\xa0that\xa0your Fruit should REMAIN! That WHATSOEVER ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you!"\n\nLuke 12\n"And be like men that WAIT for their Lord, when HE WILL RETURN FROM THE WEDDING (Wedding Feast of the Lamb: First Raptured), that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him IMMEDIATELY!!!"\n\n"BLESSED\xa0are\xa0those servants, whom the Lord when he cometh SHALL FIND WATCHING! Verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them."\n\n"And if he shall come in the SECOND WATCH, or come in the THIRD WATCH, and find\xa0them\xa0so, BLESSED are those servants!"\n\n"And know this... That if the GOODMAN of the house had known what hour the thief would come, HE WOULD HAVE WATCHED, and NOT have suffered his house to be BROKEN through (Family Separated)!"\n\n"Be ye therefore READY also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not."\n\n"BLESSED... \xa0Is\xa0that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so DOING!"\n\n"Truly, I say to you...\xa0 I will make him RULER (Me 👑... And maybe you.) over ALL that he has."\n\n"And a servant WHO KNOWS what the MASTER\'S WILL is, but ISN\'T PREPARED AND DOESN\'T CARRY OUT THOSE INSTRUCTIONS, WILL BE SEVERELY PUNISHED!!!" (And now you know...😎)\n\n"You hypocrites! You know how to interpret the appearance of Earth and sky, but why do you not know how to interpret this present time!?!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/CuS-pdZ9oOU', 'As Charlie White himself said and made a video about, “Florida is doomed”', 'Rupert Murdoch and Roger Ailes established FOX News (It is really Faux News) as a right-wing entertainment medium, not a new source. It has morphed and taken on the guise of real news. But, as long as you have false information being treated as real, it will still be Faux News. That\'s why in the Bias chart it is classified "Hyper-Partisan Right" like OAN and Newsmax.', 'I would be willing to bet he is vaccinated and wears body armor!', 'What makes people like DeSantis think "I want to make sure I\'m on the wrong side of morality and history"?', "Ya know, elected or not, DeSantis is just one man. If everyone actively decided to ognore him, he sudden just wouldn't matter.", "deSatan has turned into a spitting, screaming crazy person. He has decided he is the absolute king of Florida and if people don't do as he dictates, off with their heads. How far up his as* is his head at this point?", "Desantis's anti-mask policy and his threats to withhold schools with mask wearing rules is all pandering to Trump and his supporters! Desantis needs to be removed or voted out! His policies about masks goes against CDC GUIDELINES!", 'Freedom, from the grave. That may be your choice, not mine.', 'I love watching him dig his own grave...........lmfao!', "We're concerned about your children, how ever education, will take a back seat. Yes, Florida will fall to dead last nationally. Leading in illiteracy.", 'most "concerned parents" advocating AGAINST masks are astroturf. they are far right activists who have jumped on this as a new outrage mechanic to cancel science.', 'DeSantis may be a favorite of the insurrectionist MAGAs on the national stage but Floridians recalling him will make him a star to the malcontents. The sooner, the better.', "That's funny! Like Orange County is at all representative of the rest of the state. That's like saying, we went out to the people we KNEW would disagree with DeSantis and asked them the questions.", 'Let’s put a hold on his salary for choosing poor  decisions.', 'Primary responsibility is to keep people safe…. Apparently, DeSantis missed that class.', "Every student and every teacher who gets c19 should be able to sue the governor. Governor DeSantis is a modern Jim Jones. He would rather millions of Floridians die just because Republicans lost the White House - isn't that what domestic terrorism is", "Maybe CNN can promote a gofundme for them....\n\nThe background music is hilariously CNN. Sounds like a background track you'd hear in a Robocop parody commercial.", 'Democrats are competing to be named The Biggest Rectal Aperture in congress.  With Biden, Harris, Pelosi, Schumer, Waters, Nadler, Schiff, Cortez, Omar, Swalwell and Tlaib all in the running, the competition is fierce!', 'You want DeSantis to change his tune?  Hit him where it actually hurts: Boycott Florida.', "Why don't they fire this guy? \nEndangering the public and its citizens is a violation.", 'Never want to hear another “blip” out of his mouth about how he is pro-life!😡', 'Normal people: "so you see...this here is good"\n\nGOP: "Destroy it."', "De inSanitis is standing up for your child's right to contract Covid pneumonia. Florida's cave man wearing a suit is a true free-dumb hero.", 'God bless Florida. With Covid working hard on Trpiblicsns this state will soon turn blue, a better place to be in', 'So weird that Republicans keep getting back to the "Do your job without being paid" thing.', 'Man, this guy does really want to KILL PEOPLE. He must be getting some high with each person dead.', 'I wanna know who’s paying him. And why don’t they hold his pay check.', 'Love that platform Ron. Keep up that plummet numbers.', "Ron DeSantis is a good ol' boy.  He knows what's best for our kids.  Even though he probably sends his to private schools.", 'Democrats: “We’re going to get in everyone’s way and demand everyone wears a mask” \nRepublicans: “No thank you, as an American I respectfully deny your unconstitutional request and suggest you don’t get in our way”\nDemocrats: “StOp gEtTiNg In OuR wAy!!!!”', 'DeathSantis! I never want the the covid-deniers to complain about "tyranny" ever again.', 'Banning mask mandates is different from banning masks right?', 'The death of every child from covid will be in DeSantis watch and accountability- he is truly a despicable governor by handcuffing the schools on mask mandates to protect children', 'Sounds like it is time for all the school employees to go on strike.  Power and peace to you all.  This guy is a madman.', 'This man is complicit is the death of his constituents which come under his protection. This is a grievous crime against Floridians. I believe he should be impeached for incompetence.', 'The “governor’s priorities” don’t include protecting the lives of teachers and children with something as simple as a mask? Remember folks, this evil fool wants to be your President someday- heaven help the residents of Florida.', 'We’re watching in real time how Gov DeSantis kills his chances for re-election as well as over 1/3 of his constituents', 'I have never understood this argument, I’m a flight attendant that got furloughed. So for that time I went back to teaching special education in a middle school where  everyone had to wear a mask. The kids were fine wearing the mask. They adapted, which children do quite well. Sure some kids didn’t like it, but they also didn’t like doing homework, but it got done.', "Face masks prevents a sick person from spreading the virus when they cough. Wearing a mask wont protect you from a sick person who's not wearing a mask. This is why schools want all students to wear masks. There is no way to know if a student is sick or not. Also there are new variants of the virus that could infect vacinated students.", 'DeSantis is a despicable bully, but school superintendents are standing up to him in large numbers. Good for them.', 'History will not be kind to the deathsantis family.  Imagine the conversation his children will hear in 15 years. Your daddy did.', 'Cuomo FINALLY resigned. Fake news CNN, where’s the coverage of that very important news story? Can his brother report on it? 😉\n\nI’ll wait 😐', 'dear lord ! love senator jordan, he is a citizen’s senator ….can’t be bought, like the rinos 🇺🇸🙏❤️✝️🇺🇸|', 'Why does desantis want students to not wear masks? Has anyone else noticed the right and foxes attacks on public schools and their push for school choice?', "I thought democrats were all for government pressuring citizens, and threatening their livelihoods to achieve it's ends, and force the unwilling to comply with their arbitrary decrees.", "A quick gofundme would easily cover the salaries and then some. The surplus could be spent on DeSantis' political rivals", '4:04 Um ...shouldn’t we finish getting the rest of the world through the line at least once before the USA goes through the line for the third time?', "I'm confused. Is DeSantis trying to ban people wearing mask or REQUIRE people to wear masks???", 'Can’t Biden declare a national emergency.and have DeSantis arrested?', 'If the Covid money would dry up, you wouldn’t hear a thing about this.', 'Hahaha, the Governor of Florida is threatening School officials. Oh lord.', 'Can we please recall this man??? I mean come on! Teachers already get paid very little for the work they do and he wants to not pay them at all? Recall Desantis!', 'Every single person employed by the schools in Florida should resign in protest of his stupid order. He is responsible for the deaths of many Floridians.\nGodsdammit Florida Man.', 'I’m shocked that military personnel have a choice of being vaccinated. We certainly didn’t have that when I was in the service thirty years ago.', 'Illegal!  The governor cannot withhold someone’s pay if they have worked during that time period.', "Dictator Ron has Totally Lost his Mind. Let's see him take over the school's by himself,  when the teachers go on a Wildcat Strike.  \nRepublican Hoax Continues in Florida. Stay BLUEWAVE Strong 🌊🌊🌊🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸", 'Republicans have been politicizing the pandemic since the beginning.', 'Ron Deathsantis, I ask yet again…Do you know the name of the person you killed because you refused to wear a mask? God does.', '"Death by DeSantis" has Been the Most Commonly Used Phrase by Doctors in Hospital Morgues all over\nFlorida.  This May become True in Other Red States Too.', 'What does DeSantis even hope to gain from doing this? He can’t just unilaterally defund schools and officials. I’ve never seen a governor work so hard to kill people. Damn.', "Doesn't Ron de Santis know that his adopted father lost to Covid 19? Ambitious power lost will sink him", "Here's an idea. Let's withhold DeSantis' salary!", "Rather than switching course, DeSantis doesn't want to admit mistake and instead doubles down on his idiotic stance.  This is a golden opportunity for citizens to defy him, to simply ignore him and do what make sense scienscientifically.  It is a nobrainer as to which side will ultimately win this battle.   This will be a trigger point to get him ousted from office.", 'School board/school staff safe keeping children under its care and the work safety of the  staff, faculty on bases of humanities like the rest of this country. \n\nState of Florida state agency are to utilize the hospital and doctor, and Vaccine wisely to benefit all folks in Florida, young or old. It is a race against the mutation of this deadly virus.', 'For someone who claims to hate abortion, he sure is going out of his way to ensure children die.', "I live in a military town. The mandate for vaccines of active duty can't come soon enough for me. That would put our  population of vaccinated over 70%. Right now we are at 25 %.", "How would he feel if his salary was placed on hold causing him not to be able to feed his family and pay his bills.  Don't do something to someone else if you don't want it done to you. Who needs leadership like that running anything. Every parent has the right to protect their children and keep them out of harms way. God put authority in the earth to protect not to neglect and disrespect and put people in harms way. Leadership forgets who pays their salaries and who can take their salaries away.\n\nMy prayer to God is to keep our children safe they are the next generation and those who choose not wanting their children to wear mask that is their choice but those who are listening to authority to keep your children safe continue to do so because God is in control not man.\n\nThis governor reminds me of Pharaoh of Egypt that didn't listen to nothing Moses spoke to him and cause others to suffer because of his actions and choices.\n\nThese things that leadership is doing reminds me when God gave Moses instructions to tell His people to put lambs blood on their door post of their homes and not to go outside until the spirit of death passes by so their first born wouldn't die and they listened and those who didn't listen suffer lost of their first born,  Moses was their authority and leader those who listened didn't suffer but those who didn't listen suffered. It's better to be safe than sorry. Be bless", 'He just keeps on proving how slimly he is and how low he will go.', "I see a cocktail of Polonnium 210 in this man's future.....", "Desantnik's actions would look totally logical if he were a Russian agent out to kill Floridians.", "I thank God every day that I don't live in Fl. Just seeing what Fl residents have to deal with, gives me a new appreciation for the governor of my State.", 'Time to crack down on anti vaccers and maskers. GET WITH THE PROGRAM', 'Everyone gets remembered for one thing.', 'Why are they even going to school right now when covid cases are rising so high to put them at risk?', 'THAT SHOULD BE SCHOOL OFFICIALS DECISION, NOT POLITICIANS.', 'I am embarrassed to say in grew up in Jacksonville Florida. He puts politics above his oath to protect the people who elected him.', 'Why are children with compromised immune systems going to in-person school in the middle of a pandemic? Are those children also going to stores, parks, parties (like Obama’s birthday bash), get togethers, and churches? If so, the children’s immune systems are not as compromised and parents are not as concerned as they say.', "What the absolute hell is DeSantis' problem with protecting the citizens of the state he governs?  Is he going to wait until he can find a way to make money from mandates?", "So his stance is if you want to protect children I'm going to defund your school.  Republicans are such a horrible group of people.  I don't get how anyone could listen to him and think any of what he says makes sense.  They really are the party for the uneducated, it's unbelievable.", '1980 : You cant make use wear a seatbelt!\n2021 : You cant make us wear masks!\n\n2022 : You cant make us breathe in oxygen!', 'The actual numbers coming out of Florida are likely about half the real totals. DeatSantis fires those who tell the truth and even has them arrested and tries to jail them in order to keep the full number of deaths quiet.', 'Time for Florida to vote out their governor he is a disgrace and needs to be fired  !!', 'His children who are of school age will be attending private school and sealed in a hermetically sealed bubble. What a POS.', "Way to threaten the education system, ronnie! Your school districts are hazardous workplaces! I'll bet teachers are coming to Florida in droves.", 'Hey Sarah Palin, we found those death panels you were talking about.\nFlorida Governor Ron DeSantis and Texas Governor Greg Abbott.', 'DerrUnsanitary Florida Gov. He should be held accountable for every child or child’s family members who die as a result of this ban on masks mandate. And he must tried for Murder!', 'If teachers want to mandate masks they can put one on before they go to sleep at night. No more talking in your sleep !', "Wow -- The folks at CNN finally woke up and are now covering the Andrew Cuomo situation. Oh well, we all know who is really to blame for Cuomo's resignation. This IS CNN, don't you know . . .", 'Floridians need to remember all of this come the next election cycle, children are going die unnecessarily and their parents and the Republicans need to be held accountable.', 'For saving lives? Health and safety comes first', 'As an ER physician I tell this delta variant is vicious. I have seen so many children infected in a short time. This was not the case in the last spike.', 'Florida, the last almost truely free state', "❤️   💜  , god bless you and your family in jesus's name, amen...|", 'Desantis says every parent has the right to see their child in a coma on a ventilator. Too many damn kids anyway.', 'DeSantis will make a fantastic President 👏', 'Desantis has reached a new low. Get rid of him.', "You're creative keep going✨✨✨✨✨..\nSender:your brother (Baraa) from Palestine\n🇵🇸🇺🇸", 'On the death of even 1 soul because of Florida’s Governors sin, he will lose his own soul on the victims last breath. “Thou shall not kill”! These Republicans are evil, vile, vengeful and FULL of arrogance and hate. A GODLESS PEOPLE, WHO KNOW NOT GOD.', 'Republicans just three weeks ago said mask don’t work, yet the kids getting sick are the ones who don’t wear mask 🤦\u200d♂️', 'This just proves more & more why Ron DeSantis is the best governor Florida has ever had he is not afraid to go down without a fight. He  will not let the children & students suffer by wearing a mask keep fighting Ron show those woke school districts who’s boss.', 'Florida requested 33 ventilators (help) DeSantis for Gov 2022 Foot and Brake on Gas!', 'The answer for safer class rooms is ultraviolet light stribes pulsing every 3 times every second.The kids wont even see it.', 'Make him arrest you. Make him show how much of an authoritarian he really is', "Oh I see. So democrats don't like it when the government forces them to comply with it's dictates concerning their personal health  issues. Good to know.", 'Wow. A giant lie in the first 10 sec .. he’s not banning masks. You are welcome to wear 10 of them if you’d like. If you didn’t lie you’d have no news at all. Sad', "someone should dock DeSantis's paycheck 😁. with all due respect , I step on a rusty mail , it's my choice to get a tetanus shot, I can't infect someone with tetanus. With COVID , it's a public health issue , not a personal choice to wear a mask or not..", "So he is requiring vaccines for ages 12 and up, or biweekly tests for younger than twelve, correct?\n....I didn't think so.", 'He is just like DJT trying to kill his fellows American totally selfish.', 'how dare he be a leader with a backbone. Us democratics demand less De Santis and more Cuomo.', "God help us against these evil governor's who don't care about Life but only power✝️🙏", 'Wrong move Governor! It will be the biggeat mistake of your political career. Listen to the science! Lives matter!', 'Funny how the “Party of Small Government” has to use a pathetic governmental “Executive Order” to mandate a mask ban...', 'PS I hope Floridas voters remember how dessantis handled this pandemic and not have convenient amnesia when its time for re-election.🤔🤔🤔', "I suppose folk in Florida don't mind dying as long as it gets them off school for the day.", 'Yes go Governor!!! We love and support you!!', "Is DeSantis attempting a eugenics experiment,so  only the strong will survive? He's out of his mind and needs to go! He has no moral compass", "Hey, FLA!  Mark this date on yer calendar: November 8, 2022.\n\nThat's the day you can vote Ron Satanis out of office.", 'Any idiot can have a child, it takes courage to be a parent. Part of being a parent is protecting your children and masks protect your children, and everyone wearing a mask increases that protection. The vaccine was supposed to end the pandemic but the government made the mistake of assuming every adult was a responsible person and cared about those around them, but the truth is, this country is full of stupid and selfish people and the same thing applies to people who have children, who are thinking more of their personal comfort than the safety of their children and those around them.', 'I didn\'t know DeSantis was the author of "A Modest Proposal"...if you don\'t understand you win a Darwin Award', 'What about moving quicker on the vaccine for 11 and under……come on Jesus…..should have been ready before school started..it started this week and we’re in a Florida….', 'Primary responsibility is to keep people safe…. Apparently, DeSantis missed that class.', 'Every parent of a sick student should go to his home and let him know about it.', 'Put it on TV, I keep hearing this shit. Show the hospitals, packed to capacity!!. Bull shit, a tent with empty beds.', 'DeSantis has gone full SImple Jack.', 'A mask has no effect on viral transmission. The main transmission path is long-residence-time aerosol particles (< 2.5 μm), which are too fine to be blocked, and the minimum-infective dose is smaller than one aerosol particle.', 'Oh, LOOK! DeSatan is perfecting the combover and he already is dying his hair🤪', 'I think Desantis just wants a free florida. He never said not to wear a mask, he said it is the parents decision. He does not want anything mandated in his state, but leaves it up to the decisions.', 'Wait. This guy has a law degree from Harvard and he thinks he can legally do this? Harvard really failed this guy.', 'Teachers unions going to love that', 'Thank god for science, and when you get sick go see a politician.', 'Why is DeSantis so bent on killing his own bass? its just weird :-P', 'You got Pompeo who is an intelligence puppet, who working against the movement\t😎\t|', 'DeSantis is using maskless school children as human shields.. appalling!!', "He will be sued withholding people's pay !!  Little Donny is digging his own grave !!!", 'Must get rid of Republicans before we can get rid of Covid', 'Desantis is basically saying “ I don’t give a damn if your kids die .”', 'Biden is forbidden from saying a single frickin word about covid until the SOUTHERN BORDER IS CLOSED.', 'Cnn is scared because they know Desantis is a possible favorable candidate for the Republican Party \nYour tricks are too predictable', 'But understand this, that in the last days there will come times of difficulty. For people will be lovers of self, lovers of money, proud, arrogant, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, heartless, unappeasable, slanderous, without self-control, brutal, not loving good, treacherous, reckless, swollen with conceit, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God, having the appearance of godliness, but denying its power. Avoid such people.\r\n2 Timothy 3:1\u202d-\u202c5', 'Is DeSantis trying to kill people?', 'Let me get this straight...\n\nYou praise DeBlasio for making the vaccine *mandatory* to live in New York... yet you blast DeSantis for allowing his citizens the right to choose....\n\nLooks like the CNNers changed their mind about "my body my choice" really quickly.  What\'s your beef with freedom, guys?', 'Do it and you will definitely be a ONE term governor!', '🎶 Yes and how many masks must a man put on before you can call him a man yes and how many ... 🎶', "Duh-Santis thinks he's a dictator. Like Trump, he too will learn the folly of that mindset.", 'The spirit of the antichrist is strong withing the GOP and conservative churches.', 'There’s something powerful driving DeSantes here. I’d like to know what is more important to him than the lives of his constituents 💰💰💰💰💰', 'What happened to the right to life stand?\nDeSatan shows no respect for the life of Floridians ... children or otherwise', 'These public officials should be held accountable for every death that occurs under their leadership when they do things like this. He is committing mass murder basically all in the name of his political career.', 'Were I a public school administrator, I would resign before having students in danger or harm.  Students come first and not a moronic governor.', 'LOL.  have you seen the kids wearing the masks?!!!  I have two kids that wore masks.  NONE of which was an N95- because they "didnt like those"  so they wore reusable fabric masks.  Watching the kids come out of school- I didn\'t see a ONE wearing an N95 or wearing them properly.  SO you add that you can\'t regulate what the kids do- why does it matter if there is a mandate or not?', 'Trump lost by 7 million votes because of his mishandling of Covid. Now DeSantis is copying Trump on Covid. Is it such a good idea to copy the guy who lost by 7 million votes? I would be copying the guy that won by 7 million votes.', 'Online classes - the best option.', "It's so stupid working at a preschool my kids have been wearing masks for almost two years. There have been no problems with the kids. The parents at our school understand that children don't always get what they want. Because of the parents support we haven't had one single covid case.", 'This is what evil looks like.\nPutting yourself above the lives of children and their families.\nTruly heinous.', 'DeSatan is running Florida like it\'s his corporation. We, the people, forget that he\'s actually a "public servant" and that he works for us. Not the other way around. He\'s not worried about the health of the people, he\'s concerned about his profits. Audit the politicians and you\'ll find a ton of corruption and  conflicts of interest.', "Jake Tapper I'm not expecting you to show up at my door.\n\nI want this to end.\nI want to know the truth.\n\nIf you are a half decent person please don't let me die without knowing the truth.\n\nI am suffering.", "Umm...ya'll know there's been a mask mandates in schools for a year right?", 'We all sit around and WATCH as this guy does something COMPLETELY OPPOSING SANITY! And we LET HIM DO IT. And we talk about it on TV. BUT WE STILL LET HIM DO IT - like we are a bunch of impotent sheep! We let him issue commands while thousands fall ill.', "And when children start dropping like flies and you can't find a ventilator anywhere in the state, I'm sure that Floridians will find a way to blame democrats and/or immigrants.", 'Really? The parents would choose their "rights" over their children\'s safety and health? I doubt that governor.', 'I cant help but feel all of this is deliberate, no one is this aloof to reality.', 'Florida has a fascist governor.', 'This guy is disgusting and insane off his rocker…but we already knew that', 'DeSantis needs to stand trial for pre-meditated murder.', 'dear lord ! prayers for speedy recovery!|', 'dear lord ! prayers for speedy recovery!|', "The governor has a right to ban mandates.  So if schools violate that then there needs to be a recourse.  The ban does not say people can't wear masks or that school officials can't strongly encourage people to wear masks.  If a child falls into a high risk category of complications of getting covid-19, s/he should wear an N95 mask that protects him/her.", "Why would he ban the first layer of physical barrier defense against COVID? Banning masks in schools? A country's first and foremost resource and future are its children - protect them at all costs.", 'At this point I think the Department of Education needs to step in and withhold federal dollars from Florida to force the governor to stop this ridiculousness.', 'How is it OK for him to force humans to NOT wear a mask ?\nIf they want to ?', 'Whats funny is that he actually believes he can', 'The epitamy of gvnt mandates only going one way.😖', 'HOLD HIS PAY CHECK!!! Who he thinks he is? He is just an EMPLOYEE of the state. That it. Nothing else.', 'We’re about to see a lot of innocent children perish.', 'Withholding salaries is the right call.  Those pushing the mandates want to live in a police state.', 'Then the federal government should withhold the ventilators', 'Acting like a tyrant. I thought Repubs were for more freedom and less government? #fascism', "If there comes a GoFundMe account or something for these schools staff, I'd gladly chip in for anyone who defies DeSantis's mission of trying to stop those from keeping themselves and others, including children, safe.", 'The definition of a fool .', 'Just stopping by to see how so many individuals are filled with hate, and soak up propaganda like kool-aid! Keep up the good work everyone, CNN is the best source for nothing, just like Fox! 👍', "Deathsantis is a pathetic embarrassment. He only cares about himself. He doesn't care who dies aslong he don't gotta deal with it", 'If Florida needs help getting rid of the Delta variant they should first get rid of the DeSantis variant.', "Aren't these people always trying to talk about oppression? How is it not oppressive to punish teachers for a policy that they don't have control over? Sounds like someone is being a hypocrite.", 'Don’t pay him any salary for 5 years This is inhuman', 'So what happens if dozens of school officials start quitting because they are not being paid?', 'Essentially, "if you want to live, no money for you!"', "It's so sick how many people are dying and DeSantis says the most important thing right now is giving people the right to not wear a mask in school.  Yeah, normally when people are dying you would think the priority is saving people.  But he'll get voted back into office, people don't value their life at all anymore.", 'President Biden should hold his pay till he leave office and cut his staff', 'Geez, all these people with power. What does someone with power want? "More Power"....Hopefully soon all americans will realize how controlled they are by the government.', 'It’s your choice if you wanna wear a mask or not, vaccine or not . And you should be fine with that, if your SO worried “protect” yourself', 'Dems will begin to force children to take the Poisonous vax. The diaper on their face is just the beginning', 'Why does the media pay this DeSantis any mind? Just keep him in court but off the my television screen. Off!', "What the hell is going on?  Respect the governor's orders.", 'I wonder what kind of reception dee dee would get at Raeford.', "So if a kid had Ebola their parent's should have the right too expose it to everyone ?\nWow!! such wonderful logic .\nPresident Biden , please cut off federal money too stupid governors states.", 'I love our Governor. Unfortunately withholding pay isn’t enough. These teachers are treating unmasks children differently. Violating their Civil rights. ANY SCHOOL/TEACHER  in Florida that doesn’t follow the Governors rules, needs to BE ARRESTED ON THE SPOT. We need ACTION. These insane, anti-freedom, non educated, Godless people, NEED to start FEARING what will happen to THEM.', 'Will DeSantis go in his pocket when my kids get sick and I can’t afford to take them to hospital/doctor. Just what is his problem? He’s going overboard in opposite direction. He’s dictating what Floridian’s do while claiming he doesn’t want to take away our rights. Which is exactly what DeSantis is doing.', 'I don’t get why people think they have rights when it comes to everyone’s safety. The military needs to be vaccinated and start forcing people door by door.', 'Why dont they just classify kids and mask - 1 class with mask and another for those without mask?', 'FL SHOULD WITHHOLD THE GOVERNORS SALARY!!', 'he wants to make sure every student has access to Covid!', "As an elderly Floridian, I never expected this betrayal from a governor. Desantis has consistently refused to protect us and again refuses simple precautions when cases are again spiking. We've been through so much, and Desantis is trying to kill us for political gain.", 'Why are they even allowing schools to open, period!!!', 'DeSantis is a boss 🙌', "Good job Ron , too bad he can't fire all the teachers who refuse to get back to work !", 'Shades of T**** threatening to withhold disaster aid from Blue states. Same playbook. Impeach DeSatan!', '“Pro life” is a political slogan, nothing more, remember this, folks.', 'If a child gets sick at school, I think Fladuh would have absolutely no  defense in a lawsuit.', "All he is saying is you dont have to wear a mask if you dont want to, pretty simple. Y'all are acting like he said if you wear a mask your in trouble!!", 'U have to be a completely intelligence challenged to assume this has anything to do with "freedom"', 'Necessary! Cases aren’t everything if you compare them to hospitalizations.', 'The local school officials and parents need to sue the State and DeSantis.', "Instead of masks and vaccines, we need to arm these kids with assault rifles and Bibles - it's all in the Constitution", 'I say sued the governor for negligence of the kids who going back to school. When those kids died of Covid-19 virus 🦠 who do you blame for not wearing mask 😷', 'Donnie has already told desatan that there are a lot of dummies out there keep with the schtick', "Since the USS Roosevelt fiasco we haven't heard a thing about how COVID has been affecting active duty personnel. We can only assume it's been just as proliferate for them as for the civilian population.", "State govt tells the fed govt not to tell it what to do and then turns around and tries to tell the local govt what to do. Reps always say its about the rights of the local govt over the fed govt, until your views don't align with theirs.", 'This man is like I live by the sword and die by the sword BUT I am taking everyone with me!', 'DeSantis really working on his grim reaper profession...smh', 'Extortion on a but hole nother level. Hello mc flu!', "Maybe it's time to make Florida an independent country and their citizens can enjoy their FREEDOM anyway they want XD, but pls don't come out until you fix COVID", '...DeSantis threatens to withhold / shutdown the school systems.....', 'If you were curious what would happen if everything was opened with no restrictions, here we go!', 'BallzRus. \nNo koolAid drama down Florida way. 👍🇺🇲', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', '“Squad” Rep. Tlaib Spotted Maskless at Crowded Wedding Party After Slamming Rand Paul', 'If Ron Desantis tries withholding their salaries, Floridians should immediately revolt ahainst him, and federal government should immediately move to impeach and prosecute him. He thinks people are fools, but he fails to understand that he is the fool. Ron Desantis is highly disrespectful to life, the state of Florida, our country and the president.', 'Can this even be legal? Killing people. Or making them sick', "Ah, Republicans. The party that truly cares about American families so much they're forcing your kids to contact COVID.", "if the school board can't tell the difference in the biology of the productive organs of males and females.  They aren't scientists and have no clue about medicine.   While they teach children to hate their country and CRT.   so I should believe they care about children?   okay, whatever.", 'DeSantis should be sued by all parents in Florida who WANT their kids to wear masks.', 'Sheer madness! Kids need to be protected from this virus! They are packed into classrooms full of potential carriers.', 'All DeSantis is doing is creating more choas.  Something his party thrives on. His whole party is a VARIANT JUST MAKES LIFE MISERABLE.  He should tell that shit to TSA BECAUSE EVERYONE WEARS A MASK .....', 'Is this the ultimate "Florida man" thing?', 'When the school children begin to get sick and start dying, those doubters in Florida will realize what a sorry governor they have and begin to take their children out of schools.', 'A vaccination against covid19 is the same as vaccinations we all received as children. Despite what false storytellers claim. The military cannot function if their members are sick.', 'I can\'t understand how the antivacciners don\'t see that this is not a "party thing" in USA, this is not about politics, this is a WORLD PANDEMIC and this things safety measures and other ones are being taken ALL OVER THE WORLD 🙄🤦\u200d♀️', 'D Santis is awesome! Fake CNN is so desperate🤣🤣🤣', 'cant understand why they still making a such big deal about wearing masks. just wear it or leave it out on your own risk .', "DeSantis....Covid's new BFF.", 'The virus is a national crisis. The Feds need to step in and take control. DeSantis should be removed from office for placing the lives of Floridians at risk.', 'Why did Lauren Boebert lead a late-night Capitol tour three weeks before Jan. 6?\nSalon , August 04, 2021', 'Best Governor in the US!', 'So let me see if I have this right. Mayors and governors all over the country violate immigration laws and the 2nd Amendment and are  treated like they\'re running the underground railroad or rescuing kittens from a burning building.\n\nDeSantis orders no violating the health rights of children who are statistically immune to the glorified seasonal flu by people who have zero legal authority to do so, and he\'s a bad guy.\n\nViolating laws you disagree with is okay. Remember that the next time someone steals from you, assaults you, drives drunk in your neighborhood, vandalizes your property, or whatever else, knowing that they think it should be okay for them to do so and are employing the same "logic". \n\nGot it.', 'Has he asked the people what they want? Or is he just pushing his Authoritarian rule of force.', "THERE IS A SPECIAL PLACE IN HELL FOR THESES LAW MAKERS WHO WON'T DO THE RIGHT THING TO SAVE PEOPLES LIVES!!", 'When are guys going report on Joe Biden Administration with wide open Borders shipping them all over country with co19 but news media are sellout', 'At this point the US may as well drop the “United” part… I can’t see us ever coming together ever again.', 'That dude needs to take a long trip....and never come back.', "Let the parents that don't want their children wearing masks homeschool their kids.  I bet there are more parents  that would rather for their kids to wear mask than those who don't. It's only a small percentage of a_hole parents that would want to send their kids to school without mask anyway.", "Opposing Mandates isn't the the same thing as saying you can't wear a mask. And you notice that msm doesn't talk about deaths just cases. Who cares about cases", "How dare throes schools board officials, trying to protect children, Don't they know that the G.O.P.,only protects unborn children.", 'Time for parents to sue the governor.', 'Smh...this is so irresponsible sending children back to school.', "The federal government should withhold it's money. The health insurance companies and the hospitals should sue the state for losses. When contact tracing is linked to schools parents should sue the state if there kids get sick or die.", 'That sounds like an overreach.', 'Good luck when all your good teachers quit.', 'What the hell is wrong with US, no matter what its always about the so-called freedom,  freedom without responsibility is caos, sometimes we have to give up a bit of freedom for the good of us all. When u stand at a funeral, lost a friend, a child or grandma, u can stand there and think, I might lost a child but I did not lose my freedom. The stupidity in US are not surprising 😷', 'DeSantis should go and kiss all the patients who has covid without mask. After that he can go kiss Trump and spread the love.', "Florida's version of the great culling?", 'This man just do not care about anyone or anything even his own family .if this had been trump desantis would have obeyed his orders so fast it would have made your head swim this man is just sad .', 'No salary.... No work! School employees.... Walk out!', "If I were a teacher there I'd quit and relocate, that's insane.", "Given the mighty dollar is king in America where are the life insurance companies in all this they don't normally pay out for an overt act ie suicide refusing to be vaccinated and then dying from coving could be considered an overt act or deny cover based on risk.", 'Someone should stop his salary, and get him to pay compensation to the people affected by his stupidity and arrogance...', 'His salary should be withheld!  What a loser!  \nAnd how can parents say their protecting their kids by exposing them to a deadly virus, must be brainwashed! Unbelievable!', 'So why can’t you as a parent just have your kid wear a mask? Y’all have free will to put a mask on yourself.', "Ah... you see, here's where those corporations can truly step in and become heroes... by donating enough to cover the missing salaries of these people who are the ones who are TRULY trying to protect and care for their charges... and, for that matter, all the families of those children, as well. And, not incidentally, gain one hell of a lot of goodwill publicity, and at the same time give DeSantis and the GOP in general the middle finger they so richly deserve.....", 'First its not a ban. Second it leaves the decision to wear masks up to the parents as it should be. That said there is no data that masks prevent virial infection. See these masks purpose is to prevent bacterial infection. Huge difference between virial & bacterial. There is data showing the harm the masks do to children.', 'Great work Ron proud of FL', "Why doesn't CNN have their death toll running anymore? It would only make sense to compare infection rates with death.", 'Ron DeSantis already got smacked down by judge on Sunday', 'Maaaan! For a group of people who want the government to stay out of their lives? They sure like to DICTATE what YOU do with YOURS!!!', "Vaccine passports and voter id's this country is on the right track", "I hear abunch of lawsuits coming out of this. Florida be ready for parents to sue becuase that's how it will happen. Also it will be the parents that did not want to mask their childern, becuase that's how irony works.", 'People have the freedom to utilize masks if they want to.', "It's hard to love desantis when you die from covid can't fix stupid", 'Weren\'t they the ones against "state tyranny"?', 'Why you guys keeping these kind of leaders???', 'I believe the governor is working for some one else, not the people of Florida. Sometimes common sense escapes people.', 'i wonder if this guy believes in a God, and how dose he think that god would think of him for killing children when he has a choice to save lifes even if no one knows. he will know and his soul would have a chance.', 'RECALL DeSantis !  He is a menace to human life.  We need federal laws to protect people when governors go mad !', 'rondesantes is what happens when 💩steps on to itself.', 'And, the Lambda variant is already in the US.   Is DeSantis vaccinated? Are his children vaccinated?  Just wondering.', 'What kind of fool is this man? I’m afraid if MY child was hospitalized or died from Covid or the Delta Variant, when the mandated use of masks could have protected them- I would be lawyering up and charging this man with neglect and abuse of children. 🤔', 'DeSantis dares to oppose the Swamp. It will probably get him elected President in 2024', 'I have not stopped working since covid started I was the only one soul on the freeway for days and days going to work every day . At work we all wore masks and clean desks but we have never stopped working now we all have the vaccine and life still going normal', "Jesus you people are freaking insane with your political tribalism; it's just a freaking mask, just wear it. If they're asking you to stay home, close your business, or something like that, I can at least sympathize with the resistance, but it's just a freaking mask.", 'They need to charge the cheeto follower for all people that pass of covid for murder', 'These children can’t have a high quality education if they’re dead, Ron. I’m a teacher, so this pisses me off to no end.', 'I wonder if DeSantis will send his own kids to school without the mass? Any reporter asking him that?', "Keep it up and we'll see Florida turned blue.", 'Maybe his salary should be withheld until he protects his constituents', 'I think that this action; by florida  is exactly the same as what the govenor of CA does?\n\nIn CA if a school disobeys any rule related to covid on masks,testing,etc then the state under Newsom”s orders goes to court and shuts the school down with a padlock for their violating the rules.\n\nIs it not the same?\n\nAs as she says this applies only to kids under 12 since after that they can be protected by vaccination.\n\nAnd she cites anecdotal evidence of parents suing ,but havent there also been many lawsuits by parents who do not favor masks?\n\nLastly,her idea that govenors “get out of the way” seems to be linguistically equivalent to the idea that they giveup on their authority and abdicate their position to allow Biden to take the wheel. That hardly seems to fly? Who would? And why does Bidden want to be govenor?\n\nVaccinated phd candidate in the sciences of math and physics which explains my affection for heartless logic.\n\nTrump HATER here so dont travel down that beaten down ,over used road!', 'Oh DeathSantis wants the children to contract Covid and spread it to their parents and grandparents at home. \nHow and why do people vote for politicians openly letting your families die? \nDo Floridians hate their lives that much??', "Media didn't win any awards at International Journalism Award.....i laughed at biased CNN & MSNBC...their BS got rejected.", 'DeSantis loses his mind 🤔', 'Damn, Florida, you know you can do better than this.', "If he himself already vaxxed and encouraged people to go get vaccinated, why can't he understand the importance of mask?", 'Biden should withhold federal funding for Florida until DeSantis stops this nonsensical and deadly pro-COVID ranting.  Federal funding must be tied to compliance with CDC guidelines.', 'DeSantis, just like tRump and the my pillow guy have pillow stuffing for brains.', 'The old man stil there 😂 No masks 🤷🏼\u200d♂️', 'This jacket looks like a billboard for fast food advertisements', 'DeSantis looks more like a Dictator than a governor for the people', 'He has a freedom to dump masks to ocean to kill fish.', 'What in the fk is going on with that Governor', 'Desantis is rad!!', 'Recall Recall Recall Di Gov, what a cruel SOB!', 'De Santis is the new laughing stock of the world..', 'So Republicans went from opposing defunding the police, to supporting defunding schools. \n\nSounds like Florida', 'Yet CDC just got caught getting the numbers wrong for Florida.', 'How is it a mandate when you can opt out?', 'Go for it Governor! The students need to go back to school without useless masks. Best Governor in the US!\nTune to Lindell TV to see how China stole our election with CNN help', 'Well, after all, first Ron is; \n"A Florida Man".', "You should drive on the right hand side of the road.  It is just common sense to do so to  protect other people on the road.  \nIf you can get vaccinated why wouldn't you to protect other people?", 'There is a surge of cases in Florida why don’t the residents see Desantis is NOT looking out for them or their children?', 'He should be sued for involuntary manslaughter .', 'So not record cases of deaths?', 'Someone should make merchandise that says" Don\'t DeSantis my State" 😂', 'Thought Republicans were all about local decisions and here he is lording it over everyone', "this man is a DISGRACE a clone of trump.  He will pay for what he's doing just like trump will pay.", 'Freedom, unless you disagree, then that just won\'t pay you. TX is defunding the legislature but wants to arrest Dem legislators for not working a now unpaid job. These people are sick. Homicidal sociopaths running the south. Can we arrest #CancunCruz and every other Republican who didn\'t show for a vote? Apparently a "co-equal branch of government" is so 2016.', 'Nobody wore one during swine flu, sars, or Ebola.', '“Death Becomes Us” part 2, staring Ron DeSantis as the devil himself.', 'Conservative governors = Lots of dead people.', "BREAKING NEWS FREDO'S BROTHER THE MONSTER HAS RESIGN.", 'Freedom to listen to false facts, freedom to listen to disinformation, freedom to listen to non-medical so-called experts, freedom to put your...', 'Obama caught brunching maskless after forcing guests to delete birthday pics while all his socialist friends are trying to force everyone else to wear masks. The hypocrisy is breathtaking,.', 'For a guy who doesn’t like government to get involved he sure likes getting involved', 'Dr. Dan Stock ~ Reality ✔️🙀', "dear god , there will be several rino taken down to...it's not just one party|", 'Teachers should walk out. You aren’t slaves to Desantis', "DeSantis doesn't want government telling him what to do but he don't mind telling other people what to do", "Get the law suit ready, school officials should sue DeSantis for withholding pay if he tries this.  If he withholds pay they should strike and they won't have to worry about masks because no one will be in the schools - YOU LOSE DeSantis !", 'Coming from our Governor WHO HAS NO SCHOOL AGE CHILDREN!\nIN A NUTSHELL:::  Parents absolutely have a right to STAY HOME AND HOMESCHOOL YOUR CHILDREN MASK LESS most likely WITHOUT A PAYCHECK!\nWorking parents who have no paid leave and live paycheck to paycheck need to BE RESPONSIBLE and HELP PROTECT EVERYONES CHILDREN by masking up and shutting up!! It’s that simple. It’s called RESPECT!\nAnd sadly, most people have NONE', 'dear lord ! god says,not your flight not! be on the winter. i was hoping for christmas i july. god referes himself as a mighty fur. tree|', 'DeSantis is acting like a dictator!', "Just saying why do it now I've already years for that could have been put on the backburner and help the American people what has hands what really needs doing now", 'And rounding the corner, Florida is now leading the “most ignorant state in the country race” by 10 lengths!', "Bro he's smart👌🏻🇺🇸", 'Those CNN captions are hurting my brain.', 'Oh yeah bring it on lil\' stubby.   And someone said he was the "smart" Trump.', 'We need more guy like desantis', 'That SOB is playing Russian roulette with the lives of the children and teachers. \nDeathSantis has a dark black soul.', 'Get ready for your booster, fill out your wills', 'I’m a Florida republican and I’ll be voting blue in 22! 🇺🇸', 'Good for him!', 'South Korea never closed, and 18% fully vaccinated (not by choice) higher population than Florida … 2 125 deaths.\nFlorida 50% fully vaccinated 40 000 deaths.\nMasks work, even a grade 1 student can figure this one out.', 'All I know is get this man out of office!!! People are dying and all he care about votes in 2022! A  little Trumpet!!!', 'Wow, free death tickets in FL, great ....', "Why id one of those children die can't that mother or Father sue DeSantis or at least have him charged with Man Slaughter?", 'DeSantis is ALL IN! How was this GOON ELECTED!?', 'This seems like he has decided to go against science, by driving away teachers that follow the science, which could potentially have the effect of lessening the education of Floridians which would drive Floridians further away from science. Great job there buddy.', "Comment comment comment comment!!!!! Rabble rabble rabble! It's so funny both sides are still fighting. Don't you think if this was serious, at least nobody would be fighting cuz one side should've died off by now...but nope, you're still all here fighting. Huh.", 'They ask only for your unquestioning obedience.', "Doesn't make any sense.  Then the school officials will strike (effectively temporarily closing the schools) and not work if their salaries are withheld.  Or they will get some type of unemployment assistance for working if there is no pay.  This guy is not very smart.", 'What kind of person is DeSantis? The worst kind. Selfish and deliberately risking lives of children.', "DeSantis cares more about the love of an orange man than his constituent's children.Sad. 🎃💝", 'Wow, Ive never seen someone so inspired to see kids predictably die. This is going to be tragic...', 'Thank you DeSantis', 'all those "woke" teachers that don\'t want to do their jobs should be fired', 'Please take care of our children and our elderly', 'Funny how they say they will fight “authoritarian” government by actually doing an authoritarian move.', 'Why don`t the people of Floreda pick up their guns to make a revolution to Detroy Ron Desantis ?', "LET'S TALK ABOUT CUOMO, THAT'S A STORY......HE SHOULD BE IMPEACHED AND NOT RESIGNING", 'DeSantis should be arrested for endangering the lives of the people of Florida.', 'Hitler DeSantos.  He’s counting the deaths.  Maybe he has 666 under his hair.', "Florida has always had a teacher loss, now he's making it worse. It's bad enough that teachers underpaid as it is, now they are risking their lives in there own classrooms all while the governor wants to take their pay away. Trust the fact, there is no teacher that will work for free. It is wrong that any parent would be in favor of this threat as all it will do is take education away from all children no matter what political party the parents support. They are just hurting their own KlDS but at the end of the day, teachers have the option to take a job elsewhere and they will if their pay is removed then what? Just not smart on the governor's part at all nor is it for any parent that supports his threat. Florida will have a much larger teacher crises than ever before. I rest assure teachers are applying in other states right now.", 'Did you know Republicans killing their supporters one by one', 'he is. amazing', 'I expect nothing less from Florida.', "I love local control, until I don't.", "What do people who read and listen to this, think of it? Is this the lunacy that is the cause of America's problems today?", 'He is holding the school system hostage.', 'DeSantis:  Covid has freedumb to live.', 'There are enough millionaires and billionaires in america to pay these school officials.', "Instead, public officials who create situations where they do not carry out duty of care towards their citizens should be prosecuted. Mask-wearing in public places during a world-wide pandemic is crucial to keep the number of infected people down to a level where the medical system and hospitals and healthcare providers do not collapse. Public spaces should be safe for everyone to use. I'm not a smoker, but if I were I would not be selfish enough to smoke in front of an asthma sufferer or a baby. It's called having consideration for others around us... When did it become ok to be completely selfish ? If we all were, we'd have huge numbers of car crashes with people getting into their cars  heavily drunk, no one would que - just push their way to the front, there would be no lane discipline. Just because you WANT to do something, doesn't make it right. We seem to live (unfortunately) in times where the idea of civility seems to have been shoved aside and there appears to be an epidemic of infantilism. We want what we want & want it now. That's not the kind of world I want to live in. No one enjoys being restricted, but some rules are there so we CAN lead more orderly lives, some are there to try to save lives.", "Desantis is killing republicons...\n Actually ...I'm okay with that...", 'You can\'t even tell DeSantis "to go to hell!"  because Ron is already there.   The problem is DeSantis is so determined to take as many Floridians and tourist close to death\'s doors, and beyond!\n\nI hope more people sue  these State Governors for dereliction of duty and malfeasance in not fulfilling their duty to provide a safe environment to allow for personal liberty and economic development to flourish!!!', 'It makes zero sense that you can ban a healthcare product, would he ban insulin for diabetics? He doesn\'t believe in medicine so why would he believe in diabetes. I can see it now "Children having access to needles is a danger to every one! We don\'t know whats in those needles! It could be drugs! Or poison!"', 'About  damn time! Stick it to them.', 'I don\'t think withholding salaries is legal ...I believe the " Fair Labor Practices Act " of 1936, is still the law of the land .....mandates that any salary withheld must be paid by the day before the next payment is due .....It happened to me in the past .....Need something on the level of a court order to withhold salary , or IRS garnishment ....', 'Talk about abuse of power.  Whatever happened to letting local officials deal with problems on the ground as they see fit?  Just give them support and the tools needed not tie their hands behind their backs.', 'How can it be a "high quality" education? They\'re 16th in the country and if your students are contracting a deadly virus, that\'s not "high quality."', 'He’s a cruel person', 'That’s probably because of all the immigrants coming in and thank God that Chromo is out', 'They need to just shut down the schools they dont teach them anything anyway', 'DeSantis has Big balls and a F u c k you Biden attitude  - awesome mayor  - we need more like him 👏', "Let's see how this plays on the evening news: DeSantis holding back the salary for some poor principal willing to make a stand to protect his students.  Honestly, Republicans, do you really see yourselves as the heroes in this story?", 'Party of "Small Government"', 'Go Ron desantis! Love that guy! Love Florida!!', 'These political power grabs have got to STOP.  It is undisputed that local school districts should have the authority to decide what is best for the students in their local communities in terms of mitigation measures.  The Governor has no authority in this regard.  His unlawful act will be thrown out in Court.  On his judgment day, Mr. DeSatin will have a LOT of explaining to do.', 'Does anyone know if CNN news will be covering Live Stream of The Cyber Symposium today?', '*When I see Wolfe I instantly think of the smell of pee*', 'People can wear masks if they want tho', 'DeSantis in 20….NEVER!', 'Hell they aren’t teaching kids anything useful in public schools these days, so what’s the big deal. The US public education system is a damn joke.', 'The kids, will be his downfall...\nYeah, get those mommas mad, tired...\nHe wants to be POTUS?', 'This guys is taking the podium from Donald Trump. I need a special brace to keep my jaw, now dislocated, from dropping.', 'Finally somebody will stand up to stupidity!', 'My reply to him would be" Go for it Governor!  See you in court baby!"', 'WOW!!!', 'He’s trying his hardest to be a super villain but he just can’t be taken seriously by any thinking individual', 'I’m politically homeless and I knock the left a lot but this is for the right. I’m I understand to not mandate freedom deal but schools should have the right to mandate. If a back woods school don’t need it then great. Again both right and left make this to politically', 'Wow…..just wow…..', "What is wrong with people?can't they see that he is crazy and on a power trip.these are our children and we are willing to put their lives on the line", 'As a member of the military, you’ll get vaccines when you enter basic training and before you deploy to protect you from serious diseases. Vaccines are a safe and effective way to stay healthy and help protect your fellow military members, your family, and your community.', "I'm against big government.\n\nNow excuse me while I use big government to outlaw local governments from operating in the best way they see fit.", "He's a tyrant.", 'Love this guy DeSantis!  🇺🇸\U0001fa96'], ['I’ve missed Brianna’s profiles in mendacity. She slays the fascist GOP death cult every time. 💀', "Sounds like he's describing current citizens when he talks about people not knowing anything about the US.", 'I don’t think those two guys “allegedly” killed all those people in those churches, I’m pretty sure that they just straight up killed them.', 'It’s amazing how the GOP can recite “rules of the law” when it comes to “others”.   Let’s try this clique when it comes to #45! The GOP had let this despot get away with this for a long time!', "I call on the parents of America's children to back their principals, teachers and their schools from politicians. In the threat of withholding funds/wages in order to keep your child safe. What next burning book day.", '"traditional classic americans"\n\nwhat complex and convoluted way of saying white.', "That's rich! He's calling the radical left out for not obeying the rule of law. Remind me just who was storming the Capitol back in January?", 'Steve Miller always reminds me of Joseph Goebbels, kindred spirits.', "I don't understand how they could tell so many lies in american politics. If a politician in my home country sweden would act like that, he would be thrown out of congress immediately", '"people who know, nothing about American history , nothing about American tradition, nothing about American law..." is he talking about Donald Trumpp?', 'Newt is losing it.  He sound so out of touch and well, really feels like dementia has started settling in. His claims regarding the "radical left" not only are not true, but don\'t even make sense.', '“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” says Lady Liberty.', '"The left are trying to drown traditional classic Americans..."\n\n\'Traditional classic Americans\'? C\'mon Newt, just say it. You know you want to, and you\'re not fooling anyone with your laughable doublespeak.', '"Frogs and Newts slip in the dark"  heh heh got to love it..reptiles all of them....', 'Carlson  (read Rupert Murdoch) championing Hungary and all that that entails says it all really...', "America, once a beacon of hope, freedom and innovation has turned its back on all that made it so. It's now a country where imbecils like DeSantis, Green, Gaetz, Trump and the like have positions of power and can influence those easily convinced that their worst fears and insecurities are coming true so they blame those with the least means to defend themselves.", '*_"Yiddish photon torpedoes will not replace us."_*\n  ~~ Tucker McKraker-Wood', 'Get em Brianna! You’ve come a long way at CNN and are killing them with the truth.', 'LOL, Newt going on about tradition and rule of law when his own Party had an Insurrection to stop the Certification of the Election.', 'Gosh, DeSants never said anything when Trump ran his spreader rallies.', 'All the GOP is about is 1. gutting social security and Medicare for hard working Americans 2. Voter suppression 3. Limiting women’s health civil liberties 4. Giving massive tax breaks for billionaires 5. Telling their supporters not to get the vaccine and mask up. How’s that trickle down economics working out for Y’all!!', 'Newt "I had an affair because I love my country so much" Gingrich.....   remember that one?', 'Do you clowns even own a single mirror in any of your huge houses?\n\n"It\'s okay when we do it but it\'s bad when they do it!"', '"That know nothing about American history."\n\nNewt, do you mean like the former president?', 'I guess they are learning to lie from the best - their pathetic leader.', 'Miller is wearing the right colour on purpose. BROWNSHIRT.', '2 minutes and 45 seconds of watching this pain made it feel like 3 hours', "The radical left🤔, but newt thinks he's not an immigrant 😆", 'He described most Americans when he said "they have no sense of history or how the constitution works."', 'Wait a minute teddy,, "they\'re being held in cages and they\'re spreading covid at the same time???', 'Hard to take Miller seriously when he has that shiny forehead that doesn’t stop', 'Did Newt mention "rule of law " and "the Constitution". Must be bad when he runs for cover.', "This calls for some more deregulation , tax breaks, and more money for expensive, ineffective weapon systems. We'll pay for it all by doing away with social security. 😉", "OMG, we're being invaded by the VISIGOTHS!!! Oh, sorry, you said legal immigrants? And yet, the excitable talking heads say it's the DEMS who are being hysterical. Whaaa? How about they show us some hysterical Dems? I'm having trouble finding them online.", 'Sadly l have to say...now is the time to close the border "PERIOD"!!!', '"You can put lipstick on a pig..."', '“Traditional, classic Americans.”  And he’s happy to say it on live TV.  WTF is happening here.', 'Taking advice from newt is like taking advice from the Marlboro man as how to have a clean , healthy lungs \U0001fac1😅😅😅😅😅😅', '"...they turned me into a newt!" ....."but I got bett...." Sheeeesh no, no you didn\'t.', 'The only lunacy for Cruz is himself As for DeSantis we need more cooperation from you for Floridians', '"Remember how terribly dumb our voters are? If everything else fails, just blame immigrants...that shit has worked for decades now." Basic fascists tactics...', 'Our own father have lived up to their own age with the help of herbs and roots, why do we think we can not live long enough with these herbs and roots by Doctor Great, herbs are gift from God to make you well so be grateful and be bless with it.', 'De Santis did exactly that with Spring Break 2021....countless out-of-staters descended on Florida, many contracted COVID and introduced it to many states when they returned home.', "I've voted democrat my whole life, but I also see that other countries protect their borders.  Even if you sneak in, they will jail you until your deportation (and permanent ban) if a cop finds you are there illegally.  Many will sentence you to jail time before deportation.", 'Miller needs to be investigated by the justice department!!!!  Everyone knows he has done alot of illegal things when he was in the white house.  But the justice department needs to look into it.', 'Carlson talking about ‘filth’ is ironic. He likes the leader if Hungary who’s a fascist and a dictator.', 'I love how pee wee hrman  said , "because its legal, its not always good". So all the illegal shit the reps do is ok? Simple, America was built by immigrants, legal or illegal.', 'I didn’t know Orson Bean used to be the speaker of the house!    Amazing!!', '“Give us your poor, your tired and your hungry”… what ever happened to that line of thought?', 'Dude, when immigrants become citizens of this country they know more about our history and laws than people that are born here. Maybe we should start teaching our own citizens all that immigrants needs to know when they become citizens.', '“A TRUE WARRIOR, like tea, shows his STRENGTH in hot water.”\n\n- (Heart of a Warrior 💛)\n\nEzekiel 33:6\xa0\n"But if the WATCHMAN (Me 👀) sees the sword coming and FAILS TO BLOW THE HORN TO WARN THE PEOPLE, and the sword comes and takes away a life, then that one will be taken away in his iniquity, but I will hold the WATCHMAN ACCOUNTABLE for his blood."\n\nJohn 15\n"This is MY COMMANDMENT, That ye LOVE one another, as I have loved you!"\n\n"Greater LOVE hath no man than this, that a man LAY DOWN HIS LIFE FOR HIS FRIENDS!"\n\n"Ye are my FRIENDS, if ye DO whatsoever I command you."\n\n"Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth NOT what his Lord doeth: but I have called you FRIENDS! For ALL things that I have heard of my Father I have MADE KNOWN unto you!"\n\n"Ye have not chosen me, but I have CHOSEN YOU, AND ORDAINED YOU, that ye should go and bring forth Fruit, and\xa0that\xa0your Fruit should REMAIN! That WHATSOEVER ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you!"\n\nLuke 12\n"And be like men that WAIT for their Lord, when HE WILL RETURN FROM THE WEDDING (Wedding Feast of the Lamb: First Raptured), that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him IMMEDIATELY!!!"\n\n"BLESSED\xa0are\xa0those servants, whom the Lord when he cometh SHALL FIND WATCHING! Verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them."\n\n"And if he shall come in the SECOND WATCH, or come in the THIRD WATCH, and find\xa0them\xa0so, BLESSED are those servants!"\n\n"And know this... That if the GOODMAN of the house had known what hour the thief would come, HE WOULD HAVE WATCHED, and NOT have suffered his house to be BROKEN through (Family Separated)!"\n\n"Be ye therefore READY also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not."\n\n"BLESSED... \xa0Is\xa0that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so DOING!"\n\n"Truly, I say to you...\xa0 I will make him RULER (Me 👑... And maybe you.) over ALL that he has."\n\n"And a servant WHO KNOWS what the MASTER\'S WILL is, but ISN\'T PREPARED AND DOESN\'T CARRY OUT THOSE INSTRUCTIONS, WILL BE SEVERELY PUNISHED!!!" (And now you know...😎)\n\n"You hypocrites! You know how to interpret the appearance of Earth and sky, but why do you not know how to interpret this present time!?!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/CuS-pdZ9oOU', 'Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies', '“The leaders of this people cause them to err(be misled) and those that are led by them are destroyed” Isaiah 9:16', 'It amazes me that people still watch CNN!', 'Does anyone know if CNN news will be covering Live Stream of The Cyber Symposium today?', 'So does no one else find it just hilariously ironic that the leader of the descendents of the Nomadic Central Asian Magyars is one of the key proponents of the great replacement conspiracy theory.', 'Actually it’s because of the border around DiSantis’ frontal lobe. It’s a sad state of affairs.', 'Classic Americans says the man who cheated on his wife while she was fighting cancer. Despicable.', 'These immigrants aren\'t coming in mythical caravans. They are coming now because of Don the Con\'s "Stay in Mexico (until his incompetent response to Covid was over)" policy.', 'Democrat Virginia Senator Warner Aligns Himself with former SEC Chairman Clayton and Tries to Make a Quick Few Million on Crypto in Infrastructure Bill - THE HYPOCRITE LEFT', 'They’re just lying through their teeth! Have these republicans any shame left in them? To get in front of a camera and just tell lie after lie about their fellow Americans! It’s just sickening listening to them lie to our faces. \nUse your power at the ballot box and vote out every single one of these liars!', "Oh wow, who's the group that knows no rule of law?? #1 answer is the GOP lawmakers and follow by  the opinion news reporters delivering all sorts of lies on TV.  DeSantis can go back to elementary school to relearn geography.", 'Newt Gingrich talked about the moral fiber of our country when they impeached Bill Clinton and yet that weasel was doing the same exact thing to his wife only he ended up getting a divorce.', 'Are you kidding I know he did not just “”the rule of law”  unbelievable', 'It’s funny how republicans never talk about the employers that hire these people 🤔', "Easy enough to Google each of Brianna Keilar's talking points and find evidence to the contrary.....", 'I would love to see Cubans profiled in Florida….yeah keep voting red', 'Fully that an Obese Hispanic Republican is spreading fear on his own people lol', 'Steve Millers family came here from Russia when pogroms were going on . his family got in not other people . classic fascist thinking .', 'Miller is the mastermind of the failed coup attempt. Lock him up!', "What is Miller's immigration background - he sounds like a 1930s throwback", 'What the hell happened to CNN...I want my old, decent and truthful CNN back :-(', 'Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies', '1/5 aliens are positive. Use your brains people.', 'What a crock! The color of someone’s skin is my brother or sister through God.', 'Hungary is different anyway: Why should anybody crave to get into that creepy small Orban-ruled empire when there is so much EU around it? HIs success is an illusion. Actually it is a failure of Orban`s Hungary: He makes his own country worse to get it less attractive - on cost of the major part of the EU. That`s also one reason that he got kicked out of the conservative European party group. They see Orban`s party as a threat to democracy: Hungary seems on the brink of fascism, something Carlson embraces.', 'Now the media covers up the denials of a border problem..typical..although the conditions have worsened..', "Lol, I really don't know how anyone sane at these briefings doesn't just burst out laughing at hearing the absurd crap they're saying, but I suppose the lying world is your oyster when catering to a base that wants to be lied to in order to deal with reality.", "Gettin blistering drunk and playing with guns, that's good on both sides.", "Hey.  What's going on with Cuomo?   Yall sure don't talk much about all that.   😂😂😂", 'CNN staff, plz follow CDC rules & wear face masks.  By not doing so, you are setting a bad example.', '"Drown the classic American with people who dont know our history". Wow! Doesnt get any plainer!', '“We”can do something about all of this mess just vote when time to make a difference. Let’s just not talk about it let’s be about it. 💯💯💯🥂🥂', 'Smirky sure loves to talk about conspiracy theory.', 'Fox News Propaganda can’t talk about the good jobs report or the bipartisan infrastructure bill in positive terms. Fox News Propaganda exists to divide America', 'Wow CNN is calling it a border crisis 🤣\nIt’s officially a crisis y’all! Can’t believe they’re covering this at all. Guess it’s too big to avoid.\n\nBtw why aren’t Cubans coming in, Joe?', "Hahahahahaha.  Damn Ron almost said why don't u do your job and THEN I'll do mine! Lol he stopped that sentence dead in its tracks!", "I'm so happy we're fighting immigration! There ain't any Native  Land left to take!", 'Holy crap! Newt Gingrich is still alive?! 😂', "Even tho everyone in my family is legally here it still pisses me off to hear this kinda stuff. I'ma go out on a limb but most illegal immigrants work twice as hard than citizens and strive to represent the country they live in. These guys are a true piece of work. Imagine what they would say of there great grandparents. Just ridiculous.", '" seeing numbers trying to cross the border not seen for 2 decades"  That isn\'t a new crisis then.  Probably not a crisis at all.  Just empty rhetoric from the right.', '"Nothing of American history, American law", is he kidding. Has this guy really talked to any of Trump cult hearing their ignorance about history and Trump was impeached twice for breaking the law so please you\'re a national choke voice questioning talking American history and law, give me a break.', 'Hhhaaa! Will you look at that… count Dracula is right for once, \n\nHe’s legal and he’s no good !', 'Republicans talking about the the Law of Order, when they had an insurrection on Jan. 6.: let’s not forget that many of them have hired these immigrant themselves.', '"Mexico is not going to pay for\xa0that f----- wall." -Vicente Fox', 'Rand Paul is not really referencing "Covid" ,  he\'s referring to "seeding" America with colored people .', "The reality of it is that we need to prioritise what's happening at the border and we have to prioritise why\r\npeople are going to the border. I think it's short sighted for any of us that are in the business of problem\r\nsolving to suggest we're only going to respond to the reaction rather than addressing the cause. - K.Harris\r\nQ: What years did the USA bomb Guatemala?                              A: 1954, 1960, 1964, 1967, 1968, 1969.", "it's time to stop the invasion from a foreign country", 'Pushing race aaaaagain! Y’all need another strategy! Shit getting old', 'Well give them all the vaccines the goober republicans don’t want! See...problem solved!! Why do politicians have to make something so simple seem so hard??!!!!', 'SHE SO ON-POINT. SO MANY FACTS BACKED UP WITH NUMBERS.', "What's lunacy is giving these people like Ted Cruz platform and air time.", "What I'm hearing from all these Republicans is there just straight-up prejudice", 'Dubbin will protect against dirt and stains and will help to keep leather soft. There will be hell toupee for this tweet', 'Obviously, someone fails to learn the history of United States of America', 'What would politicians do without incendiary rhetoric???', 'If covid, and the Delta variant are imported from the Southern Boarder, then why is it worldwide? 🤨🤨🤔', '“Everything’s bigger in Texas!” Especially STUPID politicians! Florida is running a close second! SMBH!', "Goddamn I love a woman who doesn't take shit from swamp creatures this!!!", 'The “Trump Chant” : Jews will not Replace Us”. I wonder how Jared feels about that🤔', 'Wow, such unintelligent people holding office and making important decisions.', 'We should arrest the FBI first.\t😮\t|', '"...the rule of law" from the party that supports the overthrow of the duly elected government?', "Biden made the cages and now he's stuffing them full....\nAnd releasing many of these illegals right into the country 👎👎👎👎", 'Everyone else rolls the tape of the actual incendiary situation of hundreds of thousands crossing illegally after Biden invited them to break the law and come here. Please CNN, keep talking about it.', 'Monsters like Gingrich will be looked back on in history with distain. People like him just poison the well for personal benefit. I’m a Canadian, but this is obvious.', 'Why the rolling ad for Fox news? It seems that CNN wants to lose even more viewers. Just go back to reporting the news.', "Why can't there be some rational policy in between the 2 extremes of the crazy right and radical left? Perhaps we should halt immigration until we can figure out what that is.", "Well he's right about one thing.  This is lunacy", "I think the most effective way to persuade covid vaccine deniers to take the shoot is to let insurance companies to jeck up their medical insurance bills for the ppl who have no conditions to prevent them from getting the vaccine. It's just what they claim they prefer: a market solution.", 'The GOP should be ashamed of themselves. I guess lying is contagious.', 'Who in the GOP worries about the rule of law when it comes to themselves?', '@Brianna       I’d like to know how you maintain your composure while being inundated with the barrage of insanity that you encounter on a daily basis.   I’d be pulling my hair out at this point!', "Miller is insane... he's not even close to being all there..", "I can't wait for 20 years from now when 75% of Republicans have died off due to age or stupidity.", 'Brilliant take down Brianna!', "I'd trade a thousand migrants for one Gingrich anytime. Deport Newt!", 'Tucker Carlson likes Hungary so much, move there. I think the old republican phrase is If you like it there, move.', 'Classic Republican move of weaponizing their own failings as someone else’s fault.', 'Those guys marching and chanting look so inept. Literally no one is replacing them', 'My experience has been that Canadians know much more about US history than most Americans...legal Americans. Sad but true.', "I don't know about Dems wanting to replace people, but I'd love to replace Fox News and 98% of the guests they have on. Can we arrange a trade for immigrants? How do we go about this?", "I just don't know how cons keep getting away with this BS", '“Traditional classic Americans...” I guess Newt Gingrich means white Americans of European decent?', 'Hey, where’s Fredo hiding these days?', 'Regardless of where you stand on Replacement Theory, Keilor dismisses it as a right-wing conspiracy. She is wrong: it is fact, and if I were a Republican or even a conservative, I would call it fake news.  Keilor could have easily found the facts, as I did here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_demographic_decline.\n\n"White demographic decline is the persistent and pervasive fall of white people as a percentage of the total population in a given community, city, state, subregion, or nation. It is most demonstrable in the United States, where the total population was 89.5% white in 1950, and is projected to become 49.7% white by 2045. Similar trends have been recorded in Canada, Oceania, and almost all European nations. There is no evidence to suggest that these demographic trends will stop or slow down. \n\n"What makes white demographic decline distinct from demographic declines of other ethnicities is that there is no significant incline of white populations recorded in non-Western nations to respectively balance the significant decline of white populations throughout the Western world. White demographic decline has been recorded in most, if not all, Western nations, and has been recorded to varying degrees throughout smaller jurisdictions therein. The cause of white demographic decline can be primarily attributed to two key factors: mass migration from non-white countries to white countries, and birth rate differences between the different population groups."\n\nThat was so easy to find that there is a reasonable suspicion that Keilor knows she is feeding wrong information to her unquestioning liberal followers, the people who click on her and pay her salary.  \n\nWestern culture is a White culture and it is so superior to other cultures (not everyone in White culture is superior, many, as we know, aren\'t), that people flock to Western countries in the millions and are in fact, replacing White people.  The proof of White culture\'s superiority, is that it is never the other way around.\n\nNon-White countries are almost always violent and corrupt.  Those are the values that many non-White immigrants bring with them.  Biden is smart, he knows this, and he knows that most Americans are concerned about the problem and will vote for Republicans. He will find a solution for the United States. He just has to put the lying Progressives in their place.', "Why does Tucker Carlson when he's listening to someone always look like he's suffering a really bad migraine. Does anybody else see this as bad acting? The point being that tucker acts as though this idea being presented hasn't come to him yet, and oh, well this an interesting take. Hmmm, when in reality, this is the exact reason this guest has been invited on, the guest is saying exactly what carlson wants to be said. Yet tucker has this look on his face like, hnnn, I never thought of it like that before. Wow, this is new to me. I'm thinking Tucker Carlson might be one of the greatest performance artists I've yet to see. And I'm thinking this has a great deal to do with his appeal and salability. This boyish innocence, that belies he's set his show up exactly the way he wants it,  but so deftly dopishly acts like it's all spontaneously new to him. \n\nOh, and this I think is the new version of Joseph Goebbels.", 'Keiler hit the nail on the head once again!', 'Ron DeSantis is explaining what he did on spring break he let them all come down there get sick then ship out all over the country send them back on the buses and the planes to spread the covid they caught in Florida all over', 'It is the same OK\' "blame migrants for your problems" song and dance. They look ignorant while they do it too. I just can not believe how much damage these dorks do without an ounce of charisma.   🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍', 'What do DeSantis and Paul mean about government is placing migrants in different parts of the country?  They make it sound like Border Patrol instead of putting them in jail/deporting is putting them on paid planes to safe houses.', 'Zero self-awareness from these people who swear they are patriots. This rhetoric is extremely anti-American. They literally want a white ethnostate.', 'No one, and I mean not any thinking human being listens to Newt, he been history for a decade.', 'This is too much CNN should be bringing on any gop members they can then mid interview cut to a video compilation of their lies they have told and call them out.', 'Newt is the father of political acrimony in this country - as Speaker of the House he developed and championed the  "win a all cost" mentality in the GOP that is dividing this country.  THEN he got tossed out on ethics violations   (what a surprise).', 'the gop remind me of those old horror movies with fanatical zealots etc witchfinder general the wicker man the handmaids tale the jim jones death cult', 'When is the GOP going to have its Wig party moment and leave the American political stage for good.', "I found it funny that Newt was worried about all the people coming in had no knowledge of American history.  Hell, most Americans don't know much about American history either, especially some of our R representatives and senators.", '*The reality of the rich and the poor is this: the rich invest their money and spend what is left. The poor spend their money and invest what is left"*', 'That fool has alot to say now what has he said about the enemy within. Newt America starts in South America and ends in Canada  ;Not in Europe fool.', 'Asylum seekers, illegal. Insurrection on the Capitol, completely legal: Republican Logic. Hasta la vista Democracy, hello Fascism!', 'She refuses to call these people ILLEGALS', 'People in the South see this on a daily basis.  We have endured the hardships of this incompetent president and his giggly vice president.   Both are incompetent to lead our Great Country!', "I can't wait for this lady lose her job to a person that is not white. I know she will be very happy to give her job up to an illegal person to help them.", 'Senator Cruz of Cancun needs to talk his people,your represent Cancun right?😏🇺🇸', 'Gingrich. King of the liars.', 'I definitely agree, "just because it\'s legal doesn\'t make it good." I feel the same way about the immigration status of every Trump voter.', 'Lol great replacement theory is fake news.\n\nAlso CNN. Our demographics are changing, we are becoming a multiracial society.', 'I love when tucker carlson was listening so diligently about how they can avoid covid By not having unvaccinated Immigrants around.  😂😂😂😂😂', 'When you stop being Christian and put your political party before God, you stop seeing people as your brothers and sisters\n\nIn our community, nation and world.', 'Newt and the far right are totally wrong, ppl from other countries know more American history and laws than the average American does. They come mentally prepared for what they expect after their long and dangerous treks, I by no way agree with illigal immigration, but I live in a border state and have learned information they know on American history and policies.', 'These silly old goats don’t know that the best and the brightest in America are usually recent imports.  They are not all famous Ike other immigrants like Elon Musk , but the outcome is similar.', 'Watch speeches by Hitler w/English translations. While his body language and tone of voice are inflammatory, what he\'s actually saying is less so than any of the crap from the GQP "all stars", tRump, and all the rest!', 'The Republicans talking points are pure demagoguery.  The want to instill fear and create hysteria about their followers.', 'OMG! 1.3+ MILLION cross the border since Biden takes Office! December had the LOWEST crossing in decades and Biden has just undone everything.', "The Hungarian government is becoming an autocratic state that funny enough sympathizes with other autocratic states like China. In fact China has been investing a lot on Hungary.  But you won't see Tucker Carlson mentioning that.", "Why not just call it what it is, the southern strategy. Of course that's why they always harp on immigration and borders.", "You cant say Biden cares about the minority and black people when he's sending +7000 covid positive through the border, then just drive them inside the country in his 18 wheeler and let them go with no help to support themself and get medical care.", 'Newt pushing the Great Replacement Theory.', 'Nope. I\'m not going to listen to a republican when they bring up "the rule of law". They have no integrity whatsoever on that score.', ':45-:51 Gingrich could be describing DJT.', 'Governor DeSantis never said his problems were coming from the Mexico border. The problem the Governor has is while the president and his admin are pushing mask mandates and restrictions on Americans they are allowing covid positive, illegals to cross into America unfettered and trafficking them into communities without notice to the citizens of the communities knowing.THIS IS INTENTIONAL.', 'De Santis using NAZIjargon…What a evil, despicable, despot…I hope he will face accountability…', 'Can someone with a high degree of sophistication explain gain of function. Research?', 'They’ve got nothing have they? Just xenophobia, racism, fear and appeals to unthinking patriotism that Sam Johnson referred to as the “last refuge of a scoundrel.” It’s a rinse and repeat from 2016. They’re completely unworthy of leadership.', "Conveniently and consistently avoiding the LEGALITY is the left's tactic", 'Biden created this problem by running his mouth.  He should be held accountable.  It’s his and Harris fault 100%.  They deserve all the brushback they get.', 'Thank u for telling the truth Keilar.', "Let's ignore the fact that most (2/3) of the hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants who cross our border each month refuse to get the vaccine.", 'Has anyone seen this "flood" of immigrants into the U.S. in action? If they\'re streaming over like water you\'d expect to see these immigrants somewhere. But I guess they\'re invisible.', "They're FINALLY calling it a crisis. OK, Joe and kamala, what are you guys going to do to fix it?", 'There’s more facts coming out of Joe Rogan’s  podcast compared to cnn. That’s sad', 'Democrat Arizona State Senator Charged with Multiple Counts of Sexual Conduct with a Child Under the Age of 14 Released on Bond', 'Ahhh yet one more fine example of Democratic Terrorism……….', '"Traditional, classic Americans" - Gingrich\'s code for Whites.', 'Why did you expose yourself to covid when you "emigrated" to Mexico.  !!!', 'Great reporting Brianna, you hit the nail on the head , by calling out the GOP elected racists for saying illegal immigrants are spreading disease (covid19) And WTF is former Speaker Newt doing on TV is he even still alive? I mean his voice is so irrelevant. Stephen Miller , Mark Meadows , Ted Cruz and Tucker Carlson should all be in JAIL!', 'the man who would be king \njust sour grapes', '“radical left” 😆', 'Stephen Miller always reminds me of Joseph Goebbals.  For hating to be called a Nazi, they sure acting like Nazis.', 'Awful lot of incendiary rhetoric coming from CNN over the last few years.', "Andrew Cuomo resigned in disgrace. \nI'll bet there'll be no videos of that here.", 'god bless us,i’m praying for you and your mother. may she have a speedy recovery in jesus name|', 'Wow!!! Throw the traitors in government IN JAIL.', 'Ted you went to Cancun during the hight of the pandemic who’s bringing the COVID-19', 'I get bad chills every time i see that ... thing *Stephen Milller', 'Radical right came by boat by the way, 😆. So they fear the similar.', 'Did CNN just say it was a “crisis”?', '"Until Republicans return to reality and become responsible, they should not be trusted with power again."  \r\nThat\'s been obvious for some time, the same warning others like me have been advocating, but it\'s good that Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney is amplifying that message.  More Americans need to understand this.\r\n\r\nThe constant lies, denials, deceits, delusions, gaslighting, dog-whistles, crackpot conspiracy theories, projectionism, Whataboutism, bogus victimhood, and hypocrisy of Republicans is disgusting and alarming.  The Republican cult has poisoned itself with its own propaganda, choosing to live in a dystopian fascist Orwellian fantasy world.  The Republican cult has been radicalized to such extent that it poses a clear and present danger to our society, our democracy, our country, and the world.\r\n\r\nRepublicans have been programmed into a mindless fascist partisan cult that is unhinged, delusional and evil.  And it\'s extremely dangerous to our security, to our democracy, and to our country.  They\'re essentially a domestic terrorist group, and we should be targeting the leaders of that group with the same vigor and determination we would a foreign terrorist group attacking our country.  Don\'t know of a time since the Civil War when our nation has been at greater peril, and we need to recognize that, acknowledge it, and act upon it accordingly.', 'Do Republicans understand how International airports work that are in every major city of the country??', 'These guys are self seeding with the reckless things they are doing. you want the covid threat handled at the border? Vaccinate Mexico! They probably have the sense to not act like Republicans.', '"traditional" americans but not "native" americans.  LOL... good ol\' Newt.', 'Steven Goebbels … is right his family are immigrants … and I do wish  he was in some other country …..', 'De Santis logic: " I will let my people die until we have zero illegal immigrants", and,  "because of illegal immigration, i will ban public schools from mandating masks"', 'True irony example number 67, people in Texas blaming immigrants for Covid spread for not wearing masks at the same time themselves refusing to wear masks. God they make it so easy.', 'True irony example number 67, people in Texas blaming immigrants for Covid spread for not wearing masks at the same time themselves refusing to wear masks. God they make it so easy.', 'The CNN anchor said there’s a crisis at the border, so why isn’t the story the crisis at the border? Why is the story whiny GOP politicians?', 'Yes Stephen Miller, just because your are apparently “legal”, you are definitely not good. Perfect point.', 'Gov DeSatan needs to lose BIGLY his next go round!!!🔥😡🤮🤢\nThat goes for Gov Abbott as well!!!', '"We have met the enemy, and he is us!"  ~ Walt Kelly\r\n"The secret of freedom is educating the people, whereas the secret of tyranny is keeping them ignorant."  ~ Robespierre\r\n“Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities” ~ Voltaire\r\n"There can be no successful appeal from the ballot to the bullet."  ~Abraham Lincoln\r\n“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence." ~ Charles Bukowski\r\n"Everybody has a right to their opinion, but nobody has a right to be wrong in their facts."  ~ Bernard Baruch, quoted in 1946 AP article.\r\n“It\'s easier to fool people than it is to convince them that they have been fooled.” \r\n~ Mark Twain\r\n“It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.” ~ James A. Baldwin\r\n"When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent."  ~  Isaac Asimov\r\n“If we are to have another contest in the near future of our national existence, I predict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon\'s but between patriotism and intelligence on the one side, and superstition, ambition and ignorance on the other.”  ~ Ulysses S. Grant, 1875\r\n"When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.”  ~ Typically misattributed to Sinclair Lewis, the original source of this quote is unknown, but likely derived from labor activist Eugene V. Debs 1917 quote, "Every robber or oppressor in history has wrapped himself in a cloak of patriotism or religion, or both."\r\n\r\n_Before World War II, Charles Lindbergh typified American heroism with his daring flights, including the first solo transatlantic flight, and his celebration of new technology. He parlayed his fame and heroic stature into a leading role in the America First movement, which opposed America’s entrance into the war against Nazi Germany. In 1939, in an essay entitled “Aviation, Geography, and Race,” published in that most American of journals, Reader’s Digest, Lindbergh embraced something close to Nazism for America:_\r\n\r\n_"It is time to turn from our quarrels and to build our White ramparts again. This alliance with foreign races means nothing but death to us. It is our turn to guard our heritage from Mongol and Persian and Moor, before we become engulfed in a limitless foreign sea."_\r\n\r\n_The America First movement was the public face of pro-fascist sentiment in the United States at that time. In the twenties and thirties, many Americans shared Lindbergh’s views against immigration, especially by non-Europeans. The Immigration Act of 1924 strictly limited immigration into the country, and it was specifically intended to restrict the immigration of both nonwhites and Jews._\r\n~ _How Fascism Works, The Politics of Us and Them_ by Jason Stanley\r\n\r\nOnce again, nationalism, aka fascism, has risen its ugly head in America, in European nations, and in some other countries around the world.  The fight of good people against ignorance, the fears that sprout from it, the hate which then blossoms, culminating in the bitter toxic fruit of evil, senseless brutalities and deaths, is a constant, never-ending battle we fear, but it is a battle from which we must never shrink.\r\n\r\nIn this era, the likes of Toxic Trump and Marginalized Greene have become the face of the new "America First" fascist movement built up over the last four decades by the GOP, Reich-wing plutocrats, demagogues, and media.  But, as with Lindbergh, the American people gradually come to recognize their dysfunctional poison and reject it.  Most Americans understand, accept, and appreciate that the enduring strength of America is that we are a nation of immigrants and multiculturalism, a "melting pot" where the best ideas rise to the top, and superficial differences are meaningless in the face of our common humanity and purpose.  Most Americans want competent leaders who speak truth, who strive to unite, who are not corrupt, who care about them.  So, it should come as no surprise that President Biden is already receiving high marks from the public, while Toxic Trump never managed to rise above even a 50% approval rating.  To conclude where begun, the following quotes are submitted for further reflection:\r\n\r\n"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."  ~ George Santayana\r\n"History doesn\'t repeat itself.  But it does rhyme.  ~ Mark Twain\r\n"That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history."  ~ Aldous Huxley\r\n"If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us! But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern which shines only on the waves behind."  ~ Samuel Taylor Coleridge\r\n\r\n(Reference also Father Charles E. Coughlin and Henry Ford in regards to the first America First movement.)\r\n\r\n"Call this civic barbarism. Instead of promoting the values of responsible citizenship, Trump, Republican leadership, and their media enablers have elevated and blessed the very worst among us. They are making many Americans less suited for self-government and more dangerous to their neighbors. And they are doing so for the reason some of the Founders most feared: To lead the mob against true democracy."\r\n~ Michael Gerson, from _\'Trumpism is American Fascism\'_\r\n(NOTE: Gerson is a staunch life-long conservative, who served as former President George W. Bush\'s chief speech writer.)\r\n\r\nMalcolm Nance: We Are In A Neo-Fascist Era In American Politics\r\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_RxUAe2zeM\r\n\r\nPolitical Analyst Tells Joy Reid: Forget Trumpism, IT’s Neo-Fascism\r\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IgNp84JA4A', "Today around the south many  cities which were on the rise are stalling because there is not enough immigrants to do the jobs which snowflakes refuse to do.\nthe lakes time Magazine front page shows a collage of jobs of that type, and they expect you to take them. Like it's the 50's!\ntrump rolled back progress 70 years.", 'They get away with this because too many of your citizens are like them and share their ‘beliefs’ (prejudices). No different here in the UK where blatant, outspoken prejudice is becoming acceptable to way too many.', 'Brianna is so deceptive and full of rage and hate.', "Seeing you support seditionists traitors Newt's lecture of Americanism was pretty amazing.", 'DeSantis is standing in front of Confederate Florida state flags', 'They are right, you need to stop it (until you have control). Nothing that is running away out of control is good. Too many examples to quote here.', 'What Border? We only have welcoming centers! R.I.P America', 'Cancun Cruz doesn’t mind if he’s fleeing to Cancun in a winter disaster that killed far too many, during a pandemic.', 'This smelly news lady is a millionaire', 'My white nephew got his green card really quickly, who’d a thunk it eh? 🤬', "Remember when Trump kept going on about how immigration is so bad, especially CHAIN IMMIGRATION... and then immigrated his wife's parents using that exact method?", "@4:45 So GOP does believe in covid and vaccines or doesn't. I'm so confused now.", 'He described most Americans when he said "they have no sense of history or how the constitution works."', 'Ask Brexit how stopping immigrants worked out. Empty shelves right now.', "Funny , cnn's videos used to get more dislikes than likes and now you dont see it happening nearly all the videos made now more like to dislikes... Cnn and YT working together to keep up the b.s", 'This lady is looking really rough , wow! 🤣 lying for years will weigh on you heavily', "But they're taking in children instead of sending them back.", 'That’s rich Newt Gingrich talking about the rule of law', 'The thing is, most of the people defending the "Right" in this comments section probably won\'t be here this time next year to see how deluded they were...But it will have Dramatically raised America\'s collective I.Q....EDIT: stay safe, America, and good luck to us ALL.', 'And they accuse the media of dividing people 🤣', "LOL at Gingrich saying Republicans believe in the Constitution. Yeah, that's why the GOP tried to overthrow the government on Jan 6, because they believe in the Constitution so much.", 'Ah the great CNN deflection to undermine whats really happening at the border', "What do you do when you're trying to deny a real crisis, but you don't have another real crisis to distract everyone with? You invent a fake crisis that really plucks at the heartstrings of you racist voter base.", "Guys, this is how you report on Biden Border Crisis. It's always the same ol strategy: cut a disjointed clip, take a statement out of context, extrapolate to build a narrative, mix up innuendos and smears to varnish the narrative. Even Trump would marvel at the number of lies packed into this 9 minute monologue. I'm amazed.", "1:05 IT'S THE TRUTH... GIVE US TWO MORE GENERATIONS AND I GUARANTEE YOU LATINOS WILL RUN AND RULE THE UNITED STATES 🤫🤫💪💪👍👍", 'When I was young I used to remember looking at America thinking it was such a great country and thinking I can’t wait to some day go on a vacation to this place it looks so magical. I look at it now 3 decades on and see it as the laughing stock of the world stage. It’s such a shame. I feel for the people that want to make it better and are constantly held back by the ridiculousness of US politics.', 'Newt: the paragon of virtue who wanted to impeach President Bill Clinton for having an extra-marital affair while at the very same time having an extra-marital affair, second in line to the presidency, as Speaker of the House.', 'Will someone please draw the Gov a correct map...of where he is in relation to Mexico🤦\u200d♀️🤦\u200d♀️🤦\u200d♀️🤦\u200d♀️🤦\u200d♀️🤬', 'Those people who are coming across the borders are happy to wear a mask and are more willing to take the vaccinations', 'The GOP is going to start a civil war.', 'TrumpRepublicans are setting themselves up to fail like their glorious leader', "The people who founded this country under the flag of manifest destiny were immigrant's themselves lol.", 'I wish CNN would talk more about the border.', 'How many green cards have been issued for Trump’s in Florida, few years back he was issued just over 80 for housekeeping, groundskeeper & kitchen staff …', 'You always tell it true young lady', "Why isn't Brianna on at prime time?  She is one of CNN's best journalists. Maybe she can fill the 6PM time slot if it becomes available.", 'He called them anti American left as well. \nRemember what Malcom X said about liberals.', '👏 👏 👏 Great job Breanna!', 'if you read what it says on the statue of liberty and if you read what jesus had said, you realize that the "conservative" approach to immigration is anti-american and anti-christian', 'This is CNN´s way of agreeing with the border crises without them saying it.', "Trump Don't know American History Either Are The rules of Law !🤔", 'I agree. Republicans should be ashamed of “theirselves.”', 'I remember the long lines of people during trump. He never figured out a plan for immigration and would just say we have a plan and nothing ever came out of it.', 'Talk about ruby ridge, Oklahoma City bombing and others this isn’t something that’s new. No no this has been a battle for decades and they have dug their trenches deep. Nazis will always fall to American hands so I have hope.', 'I love how CNN labels everyone as far right extremists. Lol. Give me a break.', "Ask Newt and Miller about all of the undocumented worker's Trump has employed at his various properties. It's a misdemeanor to be in this counrty illegally. It's a felony to employee them.", "it's time to close the borders", 'Nice video mate! \nAs a trader, I have been able to understand that there are two sides when it comes to choosing sides, though i am not kicking against hodlin, but i see it as an old and odd strategy to make profit of the market as when the market goes bearish investors/traders loses their investment which is always painful, when you can take advantage of the market by involving in day trading or copying trade alert from a professional trader that do get tips & understand the market and use strategy to generate signals daily to make profit to grow your portfolio as i have been doing with Steve van meter for the past 3 weeks and I have been able to day trade to grow my initial 3.2 btc to 12 btc which you will rethink and see that trading is more better/profitable. Steve van meter is very accurate and always yields a great positive return on investment.  He can be reached on TELEGRAM (Stevevan) to join his program.', '"We believe in the Constitution "\n\nHahahahahahahaha.  Thats rich', 'No border"crisis \' what so ever.....the GOP is drumming up FEAR again because they want people to forget about the Trump - made INSURRECTION !!!!', 'lol...look at all the TROLLS crawling out of the woodwork like roaches  :)', '0:32 yes they want to be in America just like your ancestors!!!!! What the heck is a “traditional American”?!?! Surely not white European descendants...7:39 “Farming them out”...they are people! 😰', 'If this is best the Republican party has to offer my goodness are they in trouble.', 'WHAT??? They called it a border crisis finally.. 6 months later after the Biden Admin said "Borders are open, Trump walls arent being built.. Come one and all"... LOL... Now they are saying people cant come..', 'Who names their kid “tucker” had to be brother n sister that’s his mother n father', 'Miller looks like a gestapo man (in leather coat)', "110,000 in a month crossed the border during tRump's term....where was the outrage?", "I'll have to admit. I'm no republican and no hypocrite. I have to say the border is a problem. I have to call it for what it is. Sometimes being on no teams side but for whats good for America is right.", 'The funny part about all of this they complain about immigrants but they  fly to Mexico to get drunk and eat their food they  also complain about the shortage of workers in the fields.', 'The right loves the scent of xenophobia in the morning don’t they.', 'Well why don’t we movie our manufacture  from China to Mexico ? End the need for them to try entering for work?', "I can't seem to separate cruz from cancun", 'Go Covid Go!! To florida and texas. So much red meat!!', 'Keilar should change the location of her microphone cause there is more truth coming out of her rear end in two seconds than a lifetime from her mouth.', "The U.S.A has never really dealt with the drug problem in Mexico or in the U.S. and now  thousands of people are trying to find a better life in the U.S. or where ever they can..There is a price to be paid for the U.S. being the number 1 user of Mexico's drugs. If Mexico wasn't in such a bad way there people would stay there..You don't see Canadians rushing the border.", 'I wish both parties would put the Country first.', 'How about the GOP come up with a safe solution to the southern border issue. Trashing what this administration is doing is Unfair to our country. "Common sense is great sense"!', "🧐: Individuals of authority, should never, ever, mislead the citizens, by giving false information. \nThe individual first and foremost duties to its citizens, are to serve and protect.\nAnd!\nTo serve and protect, it has, to be, factually, based, on, Facts.\n\n(So basically:\nIndividuals in such positions, are not entitled to use 'free speech'. \nWhen there out of such positions! \nThen, and only then, may they be entitled to use it)\n\nSo, my advice to President Joe Biden is as follows:\n\nCall, Gov. Ron DeSantis into the White House;\nGet him to produce factual evidence of his statements, in front of live a camera(s).\n\nIf he has no proof to back up his statements / allegations, then it proves to the American people that he’s a liar and a deceitful person.\n\nThe President of the United States of America, should always remember, he has the power to call in any member of Congress, etc, to answer and produced proof of their allegations.\nEspecially, if their making the allegations in public.\n\n#CNN", "I'm so tired of all the deflections.", 'Its absolutely insane to me that Republican voters see this sort of rhetoric and agree. Its just not in reality and clearly manipulative.', '"drown Americans with people who know nothing about our history" describes Trump and his no nothings better than refugees from Mexico. Newt\'s a bigot, circa 1800\'s.', "Gingrich was discredited a long time ago when he was a congressman for fraud and was sanctioned by his fellow congressmen and had to resign from his position and had to withdraw from his reelection effort. His legacy is dishonesty, tax fraud cheating on his wife  with an employee of congress 26 years younger than him and being unpatriotic.\r\n Don't believe a word he says. He is known for his ability to dissemble, lie, distract and to revise history to correlate with false narratives. And remember he also led the impeachment of Clinton for having an affair with an intern and lying about it.", '"People who don\'t know American history". You mean Americans, the average American hasn\'t a clue about their history and would struggle to point America out on a map. Ask any basic history questions to an American and I will bet my house they can\'t answer basic questions. Why, because it isn\'t thought in schools. The only thing that is thought is that America is the best and no other country matters. The ignorance of some Americans is astounding and the lack of basic knowledge is very worrying.', 'Americans know, tick tock on the clock.....\nFor God and Country, high stakes operators.....\nAll is coming to a head, stage has been prepared.....', 'Double standards and  double ethics, just where in the world would the democrats / progressives and the lame stream media be without them!?!', '“Traditional classic Americans”🐕 whistle.', 'Brianna you are a beautiful angel God bless you', 'Doesn’t every American come from a immigrant family? Ages ago your grand-grand father probably immigrated to the US.', "Get rid of America's history  he said well let us teach the true history to them  then....🤷\u200d♀️", "I didn't hear Newt Gingrich say anything about color.", "Hey Newt, how's your wife?  Time to replace her yet?", 'wow cnn now cares about the border. biden started this mess', 'Gingrich, yet another descendant of the original genocide committers', '❤❤❤', '❤❤❤', 'Yep it’s getting close to midterms, break out the border crisis rhetoric!', "Gee Ted, you still have millions of Texans who still haven't been vaccinated. What's up with that?????", "Oh no, don't say the words! Mean while, the CBD was in flames, police killed, and little sweetie here didn't mind.", "The 'G' in GOP now stands for nothing but GASLIGHTING...  that's all they do anymore!", '"Traditional classic Americans" who are they?', 'Melania’s parents emigration is, of course ok somehow…', 'Lawlessness is being backed by the GOP', 'Can we exchange all our Republicans for some Mexicans please?', "Kneel and repent! Cast off your old beliefs and be saved! For GOD see's all, know this and be judged!", 'Why do I think about Sesame Street and MISS PIGGY', 'Gingrich is back? I thought he died! WTF is his word worth?', "Starts the video admitting it's a serious crisis then proceeds to say say the wording is to strong tho.... anyone seen democrats talk about anything? Lol it's always the end of the world", 'Meadows.  How’s that Italian conspiracy working out ?', 'You mean the superspreader Border crisis?', 'Ah..yes..our past President so believes  in the constitution, the rule of law….what a joke !!', "Where do ya think the average Americans came from Newt? - overseas/elsewhere - sad that a nation built by immigrants would pull the ladder up because 'they've got theirs' ...", 'Traditional classical Americans?  Like the Arapaho or the Seminoles?', 'Why is Gingrich still around?', 'We have plenty of vaccines. Seems like a pretty easy fix if thats going on at your boarder their Ted.', 'I don\'t appreciate the reporting wordered this way, how could you speak about a border crisis without  mentioning the culprit of the open border!? I remember trump promising a huge shiny wall during his campaign. He got donations for the wall, from his supporters. Trump took money from the military\'s budget for the wall, it took him 4 years to build 3 miles of wall. What happened to the money? Steve Bannon and Trump stole the money. "So explain to me how is this Bidens problem?" Trump left the southern border wide open, some of the 3 miles of fencing he put up was falling down with the wind. Trump Bamboozled his supporters and the republican party, the republican party won\'t recover from this shame.', 'Nothing of American history,  refuses to talk about historical minority systemic racism', 'I wish CNN would not make this so easy. What Sen Rand Paul said is also true. This is exactly what the Biden admin is doing and has been doing for several months.the American people must stand up and say NO MORE!', "Where's the duct tape for Newt & Tuckers mouth.", 'You can always depend on the republican party to blame others instead of taking any responsibility for their actions.', 'What happened to Stephen Millers spray on hair? Did it come off when he shed his skin? It must be from the  shedding 😱🤢🤮', 'dear lord ! oh, the jackal is going to die of laughter ; ha,haa,haaa!|', "So we're having trouble finding Americans to work slave labor jobs, and you're worried about people who would work for next to nothing? LOL", 'Racism, social class, xenophobia, sexim. These leaders go from one to another till they find biggoted common ground', "Newt has a PhD in History and knows full well he's stoking White Supremist flames with his comments.", 'Ted Cruz being a Canadian born son of a Cuban immigrant it mystifies me how anti-immigration he is.', "This Is All About Rich White Men's Dominance Over Everyone Else!!! Newt Is The Perfect Example!!!", 'Newt started this mess way before Trump got here.\nHe looks old. Time to retire bro.', 'I watch and have watched as these elected politicians supported and spouted lie after lie after lie leading to countless deaths and injustice and still expect to retain their freedom and credibility. I want to believe the electorate will hold them to account.', "All I've heard coming from Grinrich's mouth is white supremacist dog whistle...I mean it's not even a whistle at this point, it's a full blown horn.", "That's not close, that is replacement theory", 'Hoping for the younger generation to make a difference at the voting polls.  They do not want an authoritarian government.', "Man, they're not trying to mince words these days.", 'Newt the original trouble maker and separationist. He did it for power… now look what we have. These are disgusting men. Stephen miller needs to look in the mirror and scare himself.', 'Newt most of the people in the Senate dont know the history of the United States', 'miller is basically a nazi, in the full sense of the term.', 'You’re a good liar can tell that’s what ur trained to do though', "Newt's a real piece of work.  He raged on and on about the immorality of Clinton's affair, while HE was having one.  THEN he showed up in his wife's hospital room while she was battling cancer to get divorce papers signed.   WHAT FAMILY VALUES....", 'killing people in the name of politics GOP have some questions to answer', 'thanks god ,i was never into politics because i never really understood history, but these pass few yrs i really got into all of this and understood and could see for myself and researching how corrupt it is! although i always loved president trump, he new he was a genius and would never give up on his people and still do his work behind the scenes! i tried talking to my boyfriend but he said i was nuts and to except the president, i told him i will never give up on something i believe in, he don’t see any of this or even take the time to listen to me it’s so frustrating! now i just don’t say anything and he will see when something happens and all of it is out and he can see for himself!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸|', 'They have to make shit up to keep voters upset  enough against the opposition so that they keep their votes.', 'FFS, then do a special about the border. Show the cages, show the busing, show the hotels. Do your job.', 'Man these guys just lie about everything now.', 'Both CNN and Fox are right about somethings and wrong about some things. Let us start by not going to the extremes and be more logical. The hot heads are getting in the way to find solutions in both camps.', "LIE LIE LIE CNN JOBS DON'T TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT ANYTHING", 'Tucker Carlson went to Budapest because he was some 80 years late for Berlin.', 'Ron DeathSentence is trying to cover his backside\nOnly reaching the uneducated, no border with Mexico\nOops, how do they get to Florida ?', 'Newt Gingrich along with Rupert Murdoch and Rush Limbaugh are 3 of the worst people in America. Along with Tucker Carlson of course', 'It looks as if the nazis have a firm foothold in America', '💟 causing quakes to bring more buildings down. never build on shifting sand. build upon the rock. the rock of christ jesus!|', 'He is exactly right!', "LET'S TALK ABOUT CUOMO.....HE SHOULD STILL BE IMPEACHED", 'its well know that trump dismantled our capabilities to deal with this. The immigration system is even more of a mess now after trump and is xenophobic traitors', 'From across the pond, Gingrich has no honour nor sense he is racist this rhetoric needs to stop.\nJust saying.', 'CNN is one soul reason why we have a lot of problems in the country...', "That's the problem with the Republicans they don't want to see the problems in front of them so they deflect🤔", 'Oh No, I need more Jewish friends? Wanda Sykes says I need a black person for a friend! So if I get a repubic as a friend, am I Ok? NOT! I’d be screwed!!', 'I wonder what exactly was Newt really trying to say when he groped for the words "traditional classic Americans".', 'What happened to the Mexican money they were going to give us for a wall?', 'If Newt is losing it what about sleepy  Joe.🤔', 'Lol at Newt Gingrich acting like natural born citizens know so much about American history...', 'Their lying is so discouraging.', 'Miller said it “Just because it’s legal doesn’t mean it’s good”. Now please apply this to your Great Orange Leader.', "I sure hope you all get your wish and the border is opened up completely. Let any and everybody in. Go ahead and make it legal. Don't worry about using the ports of entry and the immigration policy. Just make it a free for all. No more border patrol. Tear down the wall. I'd love to see what happens.", 'now you know why more people watch reruns of gunsmoke than cnn', 'How many chins does Cruz’ beard hide.', 'Are the slavery conditions at cnn legal, you are told what to say when to say', 'Newt Gingrich….He who turned partisan battles into a bloodsport, wrecked Congress, and paved the way for Trump’s rise. What a despicable person. Now he has the unmitigated gall to revel in his achievements. He, along with Ken Starr, Rush Limbaugh and their ilk are responsible for the coarsening of Politics and contributed in no small way to the toxic political climate our country is in right now.', 'this country was build with immigrants. Legal and illegal. \n\nby the way, have you taken the vaccine? Highly recommended', '*RIP ANDREW CUOMO CAREER* !!!!!!!', 'Maybe we should take responsibility for these refugees. I mean we are responsible for the state of their countries.', "In the same breath they're saying we believe in the Constitution but want to stop legal immigration", 'Great report as usual! Here’s the real story in the U.S.\nState comparison to CA:\nRegarding the upcoming Sturgis mass-spreader:\nAs of 8/4/2021, if you compare South Dakota to California based on population, CA has 44.664 times the number of citizens as does SD. This equates to 5.609 million cases (125,592 cases in SD times 44.664) of COVID in SD compared to 4.006 million cases in California. \n\nNorth Dakota: 5.8 million compared to California’s 4 million.\n\nIn fact, if you compare all the states to California, California ranks 34th in the nation in equivalent population terms.\n\n17 of the top twenty states with the most COVID cases compared to California based on equivalent populations all voted for Donald Trump in 2016 and 14 in the 2020 election.\n\nRhode Island is 2nd but it’s population density is nearly 10 times greater then South Dakota’s. 1,034 people per square mile to 11.1, respectively. Nevada ranks 10th and the other “blue “ state New Jersey ranks 18th (pop. density: 1,210/sq. mi.),\n\nI’m not trying to be political but the numbers drive the point home.', 'The truth to deport the people have be sent by flighting them to their countries while trying to fight covid and flighting the airplanes are federal employees that flight these airplanes.  It’s not as easy as people think.  They have to be processed and they have to be sent by a member of their country consultant and then get enough to fill a flight before they can deport.  People need to educate themselves how deportation works.', 'THE BEAUTIFUL KEILAR', 'Meanwhile CNN ignores Obama’s maskless birthday bash 🙄', 'Good Work Brianna ❤️', 'Great take. 👍', "Don't know history Newt have you met Drumpf?", "Gee, it's enough🐃💩 to make my garden grow.", 'Before anyone gets hyper, they should ask people in Britain how brexit is working out for them. Compare the talking points and consider.', 'Cruz could hang out with DeSantis in a coconut tree.', 'They should include the price of chicken in china, because one has nothing to do with the other.', '"...traditional, classic Americans...."  I wonder if American Indians would agree with that arrogant statement.', "This blondi is so F' n dmb. This is unbelievable she still speaks", '🙄😬 this is insane... \nI N S A N E\nSome top republicans and voters are simply  I N S A N E  🧟\u200d♂️⚠️🧟\u200d♀️', 'Most illegals are from Europe not south of the border!\nEuropeans overstay there visas regularly and more often than those crossing our southern border!', 'We need Biden out-of-office', "Where's Fredo  !!!", 'Americans know little to nothing of American history🤣😂', 'Well Ted, you ironically said the truth, THIS IS LUNACY.', 'No mention of Ted Cruz using immigrants being unvaccinated as a scare tactic?', "I think Gingrich needs to put a poll in the field aimed at proving that Americans do in fact know about American history and tradition before shooting his mouth off. FFS most of them don't even know where America is.... and half of those that do are just guessing.", 'When will this rhetoric of the right be compared with the rhetoric of Hitler and his nazis?', 'Funny how she takes what he’s says and makes it about race. Pathetic', "LOL, gawd he's a rambling dolt.", 'Anti-American left? That’s just stupid. We’re not the ones falling for the cult of personality.', '🙏..... ❤️...... 👌.. 👍👍👍👍👍', "So Cruz fled to Mexico during big freeze, but he doesn't want them to come here? Kind of ironic, eh?", "Between bidens open border invasion and obamas 600 person indoor party...I realized...we don't need to worry about covid anymore", 'The media is JUST as responsible for this type of narrative including CNN so Brianna I’ll be waiting for the b roll of CNN’s incendiary rhetoric about the boarder “crisis” that NEVER is...yet y’all happily report like little puppets every single year...a democrat is in office.', "Was lyin' Ted Cruz describing the border or a CPAC convention?\nA MAGA rally?", 'The issue is governments turning migrants into refugees and treating them as such.  They are not refugees and it is a dishonor to those legitimate families seeking asylum from religious, ethnic and political persecution.', 'Gov Ron doesn’t need anyone’s help screwing up Florida. He’s got this', "Obviously Newt doesn't know his history either. In the mid-1800s, the U.S. pretty much stole one-third of the country of Mexico from them for a paltry $15 million. We TOOK so much land that it is now California, Arizona, Texas, Nevada, Utah and New Mexico!", 'Steven Miller would have fit the role of IGOR perfectly if and when Donald Trump finishes re-charging and decided to come back to life again to terrorize our Peaceful Village once more...What a terrible sequel that would be...God Bless America...', 'The GOP is using the race card as their last chance to stay in power.\nThey will fail democracy is winning!!!', 'What about covid race baiter. What about the Chicago cops shot and killed.  What about covid numbers from illegals', 'Sorry newt.  You lost me with "traditional, classic Americans"', 'I don’t agree with what his point is at all but I do understand that, when more and more people come here and are behind a language barrier, its kinda sad because American history may eventually be forgotten, just like how we erased the native americans history...\nI feel like we need to work with immigrants in order to preserve our history by helping to teach them our history and where our freedom comes from and provide a safe place for them to be at the same time.\nThat way everyone who comes here will learn a lot of our history and also be able to live here.\nIts a very sad thing for history to be erased, whether it is good or bad. Maybe others will agree I don’t know.', 'I’m left-leaning but man, Democrats and CNN have become a clown show and are going to get destroyed in the next major election.', 'They are being put in cages and released to spread covid ? Lol. Cruz is such a joke. I think Cruz and Santos share a single brain cell.', 'Newt Gingrich is just radical  💩', "Newt's comments about immigrants knowing nothing about the law and American history aptly applies to many Americans as well!💅🏽 I mean look at Trump, Lindell, Powell, et al...they think the Supreme Court will reinstate Trump!!!😂", 'Excellent!', 'American history is that in the name of manifest destiny they took the Mexicans land.', 'Lies are like sugar costed death.  Tell the people lies that no one needs to fear covid and coat that lie with a sugar coated anti-rational rant.  Sick!', 'Make it illegal for civil servants to lie to the public.', 'Keilar, you give it to those bigots!!!', '40 year “crisis”', 'Every one on the border git your guns out  and as they cross.  ya know what   they wont cross so easily then', '👆   😊  , i am beginning to think that the " hopium" people might be right. unless something isn\'t done today----- i think it\'s all over. what a huge let-|', 'The irony is, if trump were a Democrat, the republicans would have had him in jail by now', 'Abraham Lincoln was a radical, pot smoking socialist - Karl Marx was the London correspondent for the New York Tribune, the paper that founded the Republican Party. Two fun facts for ya.', "The sad part is, I don't pay any attention to the right because they have no policy, no solutions, just insults, lies, and bullshit. I may even go postal because I don't want to see dead children. Man, I don't want to become the right and get violent.", 'Gingrich, I thought he croaked ?.', 'UNLESS YOU ARE CUBAN AND GET ON U S LAND BEFORE THE COAST GUARD CAN CATCH YOU< WHY ITS OK FOR A CUBAN IMMIGRANT AND NOT A MEXICAN? BECAUSE THE REPUBLICAN PARTY SAIDS SO< NOTHING AGANST THE CUBANS I LOVE THEM< BUT RIGHT IS RIGHT', 'When did florida get a Mexican border? Did the shape of the US change and now florida only has ocean on one side??', 'Funny think most Americans don’t even know their own history 🤭🤣🤣🤣🤣', "Newt Gingrich was bad back when and  he still is. he has no business out there talking needs to just stay retire. He's just trying to get 15 minutes of fame", 'Mrs. Kellar, the cheeseburger fresser. Lol!', 'thank you Keilar!', 'do you understand how terrible it must be where they came from to want to come into a country that so hates them', "I guess applying for visa like your required doesn't matter? Come on cnn, rules are rules.", 'Election fraud revieled 3 days of proof', 'I see Gingrich is as irrelevant as always.', 'Death penalty for these traitors!!! No questions!!!!\t😐\t|', "Can we revoke Tucker's passport....NOW?", 'time to shut down the Florida border. they are now a risk to the other 49 states.', 'Remember when CNN was respectable?\n\n\nNah? me neither', 'My favorite news person ❤ 💙', 'If I Wanted To Watch  🦊 News,\nI Would. CNN, Please 🛑 Show-\nIng 🦊 News Clips !!', 'Thank you Mrs. Keilar, for your doing an outstanding job. God bless!', "The world knows these Republican are a joke and can't be taken seriously", 'Republicans...talk from both sides of their mouth. A fact checker should follow all of them like a golf caddy.', "I don't believe it's misinformation I think it's disinformation because they know they are lies 🤔", "My niece's mom, who lives in Texas, is an anti-covid-vaxxer, and her and her family are currently going through covid and are all getting pretty sick. Just a bunch of anti--science white people, that's all. They're still not planning on getting the vaccine even though it looks like one of them isn't going to make it.", 'So instead of reporting on the real issues at the border you report on the ppl reporting at the border, no wonder you have lost so many viewers', 'deathsantis is just embarrassing.  florida keeps fucking up with its electoral choices.', 'Where are these illegals being moved to what states?', 'The mess now in the USA is shocking.....thank God I left.', 'Ya gotta love Bill Burr!', 'Emigration will only increase as climate changes make Southern countries face it.\nWe can only prepare for it. Build towns for them and our homeless can live for now. We were able to build Japanese Americans internment camps quickly so why not do it for good reasons this time.', 'Record numbers of people climbing Trumps impenetrable wall. LMAO', 'They should have left Trumps policy in place and continue the wall which the Democrats already approved of under Obama.', 'I 💯 agree with legal vetted immigration, Not open boarders', "you may not like the rhetorics (me neither) but the points are valid.\nthat's why you're a propaganda channel.", 'The democrat base is being manipulated. Do they think their leaders will care about them if they gain “absolute” power.', 'That clip of the guys shouting "Jews will not replace us," is always so surreal to me. It looks like it should be a scene from a movie...', 'How low can CNN ratings go?', 'I wonder how many people that you can safely get on a plane?', 'Trust me! Those immigrants who become citizens not only know more about our history, but have more love and pride in being a part of our country! I’d rather have those immigrants that all those white supremacists trumplicans', 'The Israelis have the same position on immigration. They will not be replaced.', 'Why don\'t we vaccinate all people at the border?  It makes no sense to complain that people within the border are having vaccine hesitancy, but to not vaccinate those coming in.  It can\'t just be "hand them a mask" and then forget about it.', 'Hungary has fewer people than about a dozen of the United States. It’s the size of Notth', '12.7 million subscribers,swallow hard,once Subscribed never forgot,from what I perceive a joke.', "The best way they need to get the green card. Who don't know American history?", 'I notice  that no one discusses the radical right.', 'No matter how you slice it, it comes up bigotry.', "Desantis isn't very bright  , is he !?", 'When trump was in charge 5 people at the border was a crisis, now thousands of covid infected immigrants flooding the border is no big deal ,the hypocrisy on the left is gross .', 'Democrats: "Let everyone in the south border" \nAlso Democrats: "Lock down! Covid is everywhere!" \nDemocrats = Oxymorons', "This is what you get when you have a 24-hour fascist TV channel poisoning people's minds.", "What I see is a boarder open, and the acceptance of people whom cross without permission.\nWhy are you trying to make me wear a mask or get vaccinated. The boarder is open and you aren't checking people for carona virus.", "Old Teddy hasn't been pushing himself away from the dinner table too much of late has he?", "Most conservatives don't know how to spell border", 'I like how its always the "radical left" or the "anti-American left" lol its so childish', 'Great reporting 👍🥇🏆', "illegal immigrant: no need to wear a mask, no need to be vaccinated, no need to get any health passport \nis free to move anywhere while recieving full financial support from the current government\nordinary american: need to be vaccinated, need to show a medical passport, need to wear a mask\nis recieving no financial nor any other support from the government\n\nI think, it's entirely clear what is going on", 'AWESOME. Very GOOD. SPEAK. VIDEO.', 'Doesn’t Gingrich have a wife dying from cancer somewhere that he needs to be divorcing ?', '"They took our jobs". Man, South Park is one of those things that will never get old.', 'Y’all been saying there was no crisis.  Lol.  Until it’s used for talking points.  But that’s ok. Real Americans will win. We always have. Come on.  Waiting', 'Obama doesn’t seem to like mask either…', 'CNN ratings keep plummeting. Americans are waking up to this most dishonest network.', '“Let’s make legal things that we don’t like illegal! Of course make it legal to try to overthrow the government as long as our side does it”', "🙃 my weapons are loaded if there unloaded it's club|", "Stephen Miller doesn't understand America.  We are ALL immigrants, except First Peoples of course.  America is THE great experiment in Democracy and Immigration. You don't get to throw out Democracy because you didn't like the result and you don't get to slam the door on Immigration because your people got here first.", '150,000 month no covid checks \nCnn viewers: but trump reeeee 😆🤣', 'i wish GQP are skilled at governance as they are at manufacturing disinformation ❗', "The drugs coming across the border and the number of covid positive illegals is ridiculous. This is a bipartisan issue. Fentanyl doesn't just get republicans idiots.", "I find it hysterical that they've conflated the tired old rhetoric with a sudden interest in cvd19", "I'm upvoting the Biden criticism, not the CNN attmpt at being a news thing.", 'Joe Biden and democrats caused this problem at the border.', 'They talking about border reform when covid19 ravaging their states', 'Who actually cares what Newt thinks ?', 'SAD TO SAY...KEILER WAS DIAGNOSED WITH HYPERGONADISM DURING HER LAST GYN APPOINTMENT.', "AAWWWWW, won't Donald let you use his sharpie to draw a Mexican border across the bottom of Florida?? I guess the honeymoon is over. Poor Ronnie De Satan.", 'So why not finish the wall? Ahh what is the end game for Bidens handlers? \nShe said it is not a fact without having facts to support her...hmmm.\nFact: cnn ratings tanked do to massive amounts of political misinformation and bias no matter what the facts.', 'Stephen Miller is SO CREEPY.', 'Baaahhhaaaaa! DeSantis thinks Florida is bordered with Mexico! That boy is dumber than a football bat!'], ['"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods."\r\nAlbert Einstein', "Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't this primarily caused due to the insane amount of damming that occurred?", 'This plainly shows that the planet is incredibly if they wait too long this could be a real big problem🤔', 'Also:\nSalton Sea, CA and the Aral Sea, Kazakhstan.', 'Unfortunately, it\'s not only in Iran. But everywhere. Every lake. I fear my generation (Gen X) will be the last to remember what lakes looked like at full capacity. Unhindered by man\'s "progress."', 'In California a few rich people decided it would be a good idea to rob the 78 million year old Colorado river dry.', 'Trump said his uncanny ability to change the temperature on a wall thermostat makes him an expert on climate change. 🤣', 'I wouldn\'t be surprise, if some try to politicized the apocalypse \nTime for a "clean up", the earth is getting filthy.', 'We talk about terraforming Mars. How about we focus on RE-terraforming our damn planet first 😑', 'Same thing is happening to Lake Chad in North East Nigeria. I actually did a Google earth time-lapse about a year ago. Very sad.', 'Uhhm, I think that most of the water loss is from the irrigation projects.  It would have dried out with normal rainfall.  The droughts are just making it happen faster.', 'Soon this will be the Neveda lake behind the Hoover dam.', 'Left out of the story is how many times the lake evaporated in the past. By past I mean long before the Model T.', 'This is unbelievable but this is how fast climate change is occurring.', '"It\'s the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine."  ~REM~', "I read the headline and wondered whether the video would be about Utah's Great Salt Lake or Israel's Dead Sea.  Alas it was about a third salt lake drying up.  How many others are there?", '1:49 <translation> "We haven\'t a clue but we will definitely find someone else to blame".', 'Should just try an idea i had in high school,  if we can come up with a way to turn ocean water into drinking water. We would never have a water crisis ever again.', 'Meanwhile, the Murdoch news empire wants to start its own weather channel to distribute alternative weather to the world.', 'Where tf is allah when you need him?', 'About the only positive thing with this is that there will be a great new salt mine. No need to spend a lot of money digging or setting it up here, you just scoop it up by the bucket load.', '"Salt storms" sound absolutely horrific !  😨\nBut it\'s the sheer speed of the lake\'s decline that\'s the most awful.  😢\nM 🦘🏏😎', 'The earth has changed for millions of years and will continue with or without us on it.', 'Question:🙋🏻\u200d♂️could the deteriorating nature of earths orbit have any relationship to the rise in the temperature?', 'The statement that Iran\'s "Supreme" Leader [supreme not in the Persian language title] sounds like the same kind of non-statement you\'d expect of an American politician. Their bushes idea also isn\'t going to work. Leaves trapping salt-laden sand will just end up killing those bushes and they\'ll be back where they started.', 'They diverted their river systems and wonder why the lake dried up. Humpty dumpty!', 'NEEDED: \nan analysis of how many of the unvaccinated persons in the USA are Republican voters, Democratic voters, or Independents.', 'The Great Salt Lake is going through the same shrinkage.', "Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't this primarily caused due to the insane amount of damming that occurred?", '“A TRUE WARRIOR, like tea, shows his STRENGTH in hot water.”\n\n- (Heart of a Warrior 💛)\n\nEzekiel 33:6\xa0\n"But if the WATCHMAN (Me 👀) sees the sword coming and FAILS TO BLOW THE HORN TO WARN THE PEOPLE, and the sword comes and takes away a life, then that one will be taken away in his iniquity, but I will hold the WATCHMAN ACCOUNTABLE for his blood."\n\nJohn 15\n"This is MY COMMANDMENT, That ye LOVE one another, as I have loved you!"\n\n"Greater LOVE hath no man than this, that a man LAY DOWN HIS LIFE FOR HIS FRIENDS!"\n\n"Ye are my FRIENDS, if ye DO whatsoever I command you."\n\n"Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth NOT what his Lord doeth: but I have called you FRIENDS! For ALL things that I have heard of my Father I have MADE KNOWN unto you!"\n\n"Ye have not chosen me, but I have CHOSEN YOU, AND ORDAINED YOU, that ye should go and bring forth Fruit, and\xa0that\xa0your Fruit should REMAIN! That WHATSOEVER ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you!"\n\nLuke 12\n"And be like men that WAIT for their Lord, when HE WILL RETURN FROM THE WEDDING (Wedding Feast of the Lamb: First Raptured), that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him IMMEDIATELY!!!"\n\n"BLESSED\xa0are\xa0those servants, whom the Lord when he cometh SHALL FIND WATCHING! Verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them."\n\n"And if he shall come in the SECOND WATCH, or come in the THIRD WATCH, and find\xa0them\xa0so, BLESSED are those servants!"\n\n"And know this... That if the GOODMAN of the house had known what hour the thief would come, HE WOULD HAVE WATCHED, and NOT have suffered his house to be BROKEN through (Family Separated)!"\n\n"Be ye therefore READY also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not."\n\n"BLESSED... \xa0Is\xa0that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so DOING!"\n\n"Truly, I say to you...\xa0 I will make him RULER (Me 👑... And maybe you.) over ALL that he has."\n\n"And a servant WHO KNOWS what the MASTER\'S WILL is, but ISN\'T PREPARED AND DOESN\'T CARRY OUT THOSE INSTRUCTIONS, WILL BE SEVERELY PUNISHED!!!" (And now you know...😎)\n\n"You hypocrites! You know how to interpret the appearance of Earth and sky, but why do you not know how to interpret this present time!?!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/CuS-pdZ9oOU', "The southwest USA has been in a drought for 15 years now. Lake Mead is at 37% capacity and they don't think it'll improve. The Colorado river is running low. Hydro power is suffering. Parts of AZ are looking at rolling blackouts soon, and massive water conservation efforts. Not a good situation.", 'Earth can repair itself""".So says my neighbour!!!!.Show me a human that can survive swallowing poison????.', 'Charlie Chester said this was their next fear mongering campaign. \n\nHere we are...', 'Oh I thought it was a Democrat advertisement for some upcoming  election.', 'Was there in 95. Feeling fortunate to have been there and experienced it. Future generations will be missing out.', "Shame on you CNN for not saying anything about tplf's genocide in afar and woldia region Ethiopia 🙄", "It's actually the stupid government's fault and incompetent management of Iran's natural resources. As Fred said the revolutionary guard has built so many dams around this lake that they have really suffocated this beautiful lake.", 'Yes ! We need to stop interfering with the flow of water   so we can  build and migrate according   Stop the water theft 😈', 'So you are saying there are dams around keeping water from the lake. Ah very interesting.', 'Odd, I read a BBC article from 6 months ago that said it had grown in size.\nhttps://www.bbc.com/future/article/20210225-lake-urmia-the-resurrection-of-irans-most-famous-salt-lake', "The Earth's water will one day turn to blood FACT, 😷 it's already Too late.", 'At least points for trying to bring awareness to climate change, especially man-made factors like polution and re-routing of water systems.', 'well, the first documented civilization viability (Mesopotamia) ended mostly because of rising salty water in what is now modern day southern Iraq/Iran, i guess 5 or 4 thousand years wasnt enough time to learn?', 'I`m STILL  waiting for an eplanation as to why the last Ice Age ended. Anyone?', 'Salt lake have been drying up for millions of years.', 'Iran is in the middle of the desert and they have millions of people in the same area there used to be thousands walking around on camel trains. A city every now and again by some river or lake was not unheard of. When the climate changes, the people suffer. Maybe earth can support 7 billion people, but the Middle East is a dried up wasteland.', 'Hot, Flat, Crowded is a good book you should check it out', 'What can we do when we have ppl\nGoing out of space doing who knows what  this saddens me', 'This was reported in depth 20 years ago. A lot like California.', 'PLEASE Remember this criminally underused statement:  "The planet will be just fine,.it\'s the people and life on it that will go extinct !!"', 'The Aral Sea gets all the attention for restoration so why not this one?', 'How many climate change warnings before they are heeded and aggressive actions taken to reverse it?', 'I’m just waiting for the climate change deniers explain this. Like how do you explain this reduction?', 'Amazing! Just like the Sahara desert! Wow!! And we get to watch the change!!', 'Timelapse shows how lush natural paradise turn into desert??\n\nDidnt see anything remotely resembling a lush paradise. CNN just lies about everything.', 'Eerie seeing the boats stranded', 'Tip for cnn viewers.  Check into all the dams Iran has built over the last 20 years..  No, a dam is not part of your vaporizer.. It a big thing that holds back water..  Tough for a lake to maintain if the water can\'t get there..  The left believes in "Science" right?', 'WOW!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥 Mike Lindells cyber symposium is EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸', 'This is terrifying, really.', 'I actually would say dams play the much bigger role here. Lake is shallow with evaporation of about 30mm a day no surprise here', "I can't wait until lake mead dries up.", "I PRETTY MUCH DOUBT THAT; NOT UNDER THE DEMONRATS' CONTROL OF ALL ARMS OF GOVERNMENT: FROM PRESIDENCY TO THE CONGRESS\t💗\t|", 'No mention of the causeway constructed in 2007 than split the lake in half, killing off the southern half by disrupting the natural flow of water. Some say this is the main cause of the decline plus multiple dams in rivers that feed the lake.', "• _Aral Sea 2: Persian Boogaloo._\n• 1:04 - Scenes of large boats in the desert like this or in the Aral Sea are reminiscent of _Close Encounters of the Third Kind,_ except these aren't because of aliens, they're because of humans. 🤦\n• 1:12 - How does Google Maps have satellite imagery from 1984? 🤨\n• 1:24 - Well, Iran does have one the records for hottest temperature ever. 😬 (Canada just set a non-desert record. 😒)\n• 2:40 - Iran actually takes action, unlike China which has made _hundreds of thousands of dams._ 😕", 'Soooo… I guess all those profits they made off of oil weren’t really profitable at all‼️', 'Its a symptom of Earths real problem....overpopulation.', 'God gave stewardship and domain to Man over all the earth and every plant and animal on it. What was He Thinking??', 'Damn, that is scary', 'Atleast we cant insult mars anymore because we look like were heading to venus if we dont stop emissions', "Man shouldn't have messed with the natural design", "Grab hold to my Jesus. Money and wealth can't save you.", 'DO YOU WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH? \nYou can watch Mike Lindell’s Cyber Symposium at    http://frankspeech.com     right now but be sure to tune in at 7pm for the BIG SURPRISE!', "We're yet another step closer to the Water Wars.", 'Make with the salt sales until the rain returns...', '*climate change...* Geoffery Lawton... easily found with either a youtube or google...', 'If we dont stop trying to change the planet we are ALL going to go the same way', 'It’s damn projects!', "Right I had nothing to do with a man-made Dam let's just blame global warming", 'Where is Noah when you need him?', 'I saw a chart based on actual data from ice core samples that goes back 450,000 years that contradicts everything you just said CNN. So where did you get your information? Disney?', "Did not there used to be glaciers in the midwest???  And lakes covered what is now the Rocky Mountains? If those events happened now we would all be expected to give the govts all our money and ask them to keep us locked up for 'our safety'.  When in earth's history has the climate not changed?", 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'You know what breaks my heart… No matter what we think of other countries no matter what other countries think of us if this global warming crisis doesn’t pull us all together and unite as one I don’t know what the hell would', "you don't have to go to Iran to see climate change/global warming's effect on anything - look what's happening in our West, in Florida with its sinking land and buildings, in Greece, etc. etc.", 'Humans sucking up resources and moving on. They been came for Africa’s resources and are now trying to suck that continent dry as wel', 'According to the Koch syndicate Trump/Republicans & ‘Faux’ , the planet 🌎 has never been in better condition 🤢🤮', 'Looks like they should focus on desalination and not supporting fights with Israel by exporting arms.', 'This will be California very soon. ⌛️⌛️⌛️', 'If you dam the river , the river below the dam dries up.', 'Congratulations your Hollywood movies about the end of the world will come true 😏', 'A case of Allah punishing Iran for their treatment of religious minorities and desire to wipe out Israel.', 'Human overpopulation is at the root of many such problems.', 'Thats cap bc if the planet gets hotter then the water starts to heat up and then it gets more tropical', "1995?! We're doomed.", 'What is happening to earth? 🥺', 'That place has not been lush, ever.', 'I wonder what the real story is. 🤦', 'Lol,how about showing a time lapse of cities that under Trump flourished and under Biden have become hell holes!', "This is by no way no way is it new news to this region of the Earth it's happened time and time again,", 'Trillions$$$ spend on space exploration. Yet Earth is left to rot.', "We'll all die in this generation. Just come to terms with that truth 👩\u200d🔧🇺🇲🛠️🇷🇺", 'Shit look like Mad Max', 'A salt lake dried up? You dont say.', 'Wow!', 'STOP VOTING FOR REPUBLICANS !!!!', '😢😢😢', "I'm more worried about whats happening here, don't really care about Iran", 'I only came to cnn for news on trump....u guys r letting me down😔where is the mews on trump?😂😂🤪🥴', 'We used the water to grow crops to feed all the babies that you people had.', 'So you are saying there are dams around keeping water from the lake. Ah very interesting.', 'All the damage is due to damns...  stop lying! Yes we have a problem Houston but that problem is in the East the place the oriental countrys and some odd ones here and there. No one gives a flip if china and such does not figure it out!', '"Pop, goes the world"', 'ooo', 'We are doomed', 'Van lake in Turkey is fine. Idk maybe the dam and causeway maybe the main problems.', 'So that’s the reason people don’t visit Iran for vacation anymore.', 'Look in Russia.   Desert sands  Siberia is turning into a forest.', 'Iran will have to buy or steal neighboring resources?', 'TRUMP has killed hundreds of thousands of ppl because of his COVID response.\n\nAnd MANY MILLIONS because of his climate change conspiracy theories. 😳', 'Never ending propaganda!', 'We have done this to our planet.', "Humans don't control whether or natural occurrences nor can Humans stop Natural occurrences from happening. Humans can only adapt to an ever changing planet.  Disaster is only a disaster when humans are displaced due to a naturally occurring changes in whether and tectonic shifting.", 'Our planet will not make it through another 200 yrs', 'I think they got it right when they said because of dam projects.', "Good thing we didn't need any Good News", 'These sanctions are getting ridiculous', "The tax cheaters in the US think money can save them I can't wait to laugh in their faces.", 'Terrible, we need to distribute resources everywhere', 'Trump said his uncanny ability to change the temperature on a wall thermostat makes him an expert on climate change. 🤣', 'Mad Max....we we come.', 'Wow', 'No peace for Esau,life will never be the same!!!!', 'Meanwhile in real news, China is the #1 contributor to killing the earth..... and crickets from cnn.', 'TIL: The shortages have begun, yet almost nobody is running around with their hair on fire, because it\'s happening "over there". Humans are incapable of seeing beyond the horizon. Keep on popping out babies and driving SUVs, everyone! Because \'Murica!', 'The very first coment was \nDAMS are to blame ..', 'How are you stating facts about drying up because of climate change... When you know that there was multiple dams built restricting water into the lake... Can somebody say propaganda... How much did they pay you for this one', "There's a lady who had a near death experience that saw the future mini ice age that is coming. I hope it doesn't happen during our lifetime 😔", 'Problem : Damming the rivers\nSolution : Stop damming and live with consequences \nLol', 'Go pray to ALLAH for rain.', 'Same thing happened in Peru! Lake Poopó! ☹', 'Inaction and a lack of precaution, the great filter of the Fermi Paradox? Suppose this is the big test?', "I'm here to remind you about the January 6th insurrection and that Babbitt deserved it. Have a good day.", 'Germany is still taking migrants.', 'Iran? You went to Iran? Really? No wonder CNN is tanking! What a joke.', "Looks like Iran's going to be selling table salt pretty soon!!", 'That’s been happening for millions of years', 'natural paradise turn into desert............threatening', "The pallets of money Obama sent Iran wasn't used for this, I Guess!", 'time to go underground lmao', 'This comment section is really proving the failure of the American education system...', 'Men’s hearts will fail them for fear of the things that are coming on the earth.  No, I’m not worried!  I know whom I’ve believed, that he is able to keep that which I’ve committed to him against that day!  Look up, for my redemption draws nearer.  Try Jesus!', "That time lapse of the lake puts it in perspective and it will only be real to the people that know it's man induced cli ate change. The deniers will say its evidence of earth's natural change.", 'Save our Home "Mother Earth".', 'OIL FOR WATER..........?', 'So sad knowing so many people still deny the obvious', 'Water protest. crazy', "Nothing to do with big$$ wars..🙄 won't hear about that", 'Should have prayed harder!', 'Easy solution tear down the dams duh 🤦\u200d♂️', 'That water needs to drop somewhere!', 'Why do I have to search for other youtube videos that explain all the factors that are causing the lake to dry up? Requesting more complete reporting from all media..', 'Are we watch the extinction of man?', 'as our west burns down.', 'How the hell do the republicans that don’t think anything is wrong think that’s way!?!?!? Not just Iran… take a look at our west coast. Everything’s on fire. Canada was on fire FFS!!!! Drastic measures NEED to be taken like yesterday!!!! Drastic… We can’t go live on some other planet yet.', 'Looks like lake Meade.', 'I will tell you How Powerful is MY Word I am ALLAH the Real ALLAH,  The Heavenly Father,  The GodFather and The Grand Father of Paul Andrew Marmol Gapasin.\n\nNow Jesus the uncle of Paul you disregard Him as God and insults His Words that anyone who says blasphemous word to His Niece Paul Andrew Marmol Gapasin  which is Christ and also Your Lord and also the Lord of Host and also the Risen King. \n\nNow Paul Andrew Marmol Gapasin is crying on heaven,  haven\'t you know that He is only 2 years old only in Heaven His only Mother is Shaking in Burst of Anger She is The Holy Ghost Her Name is Shaking Glory and is very angry.\n\nI will tell you a secret I am Allah 35 years old in Heaven. \n\nShekinah Glory 36 years old in Heaven\n\nJesus 33 years old in Heaven\n\nPaul Andrew Marmol Gapasin whose name is being insulted He\'s body is 35 years old,  and and His Heavenly age is 2 years old,  His emotional response is Heavenly Age times 1.5 = 3 years OLD,  His Consciousness Age is what a 3years old Kid do,  You Plan to Make my Onlu Grandson to be directed like the Ants whom Paul send to put Antenna (you called the Ants in Heaven as Alien)  \n\nPaul Andrew Marmol Gapasin  Being insulted even though He only unlocks 7% of His Brain Activity no one match His Thinking even combined All of You When He was born here on Earth Last November 24, 1985 at exactly 3:05am, and Has Birthday of Accepting Jesus even He is God He still follow Jesus Teaching, He\'s Spiritual Birthday is November 24, 1985 at 3:00pm shared by his Auntie Nenita Marmol Players on His Birthday,  and who lives a sinful life that even son never corrupted Him BECAUSE He always ask for Forgiveness to Jesus before doing any small or large any every detailed sin,  He is plan to commit He ask first for Forgiveness that\'s Why Mac Vincent Javier his victory fort co-small group when He told you that 100% of His Prayers are 100% being answered you don\'t Believe Him,  also Even He don\'t pray He is the only Person who can communicate The Trinity or 3 God\'s in Heaven name I as Allah of Islam or I as Heavenly Father of the Real Christian and I as AMA no INC,  and I as Satanism of Cult and I as Horus of fortune Tellers,  and I who appointed Quiboloy as temporary Son of God. \n\nNow you are the one who hurt my "APO" saying Arnold Paladin Arnold Saladin  Players Marmot Harassing\n\nNow I will Show you the difference of Using 100% Fullness of God or 100% Brain Activity. \n\nI Am Who I Am\n\nI Pronounced and Promote The Recent Vice President of the Philippines named Leni Robredo as the Only Queen of the World\nHer Task is to take Care of my Grandson as His only Child. \n\nAnyone Who is considered Herself as Queen must be Beheaded Now.  As them if they are a Queen if they Said Yes Bring Me Their Head. \n\nI will Show the Whole World How Being a Man like Paul having a fullness of God inside of Him. \n\nPrepare my Things I needed to arrive at Sri Lanka at exactly 9 am tomorrow. \n\nBecause at 11am my created Immortal Beings name Adam who is Dracula the one who devours flesh and Lilith who is the 6 Head Serpent. \n\nI am in the Body of Paul Andrew Marmol Gapasin the Trinity is with Him. \n\nI am located at 7093 Pres. R. Magsaysay Street, South Cembo,  Fort Bonifacio,  Makati City,  Philippine 1214, NCR. \n\nAll who Heed my words even you don\'t Vow at Me I am Ordering your Full Respect and Honor to Paul after we Switch on Spirit,  when I let you cross the Sea which will become the Dead Sea on the Asia,  Anyone Who Understand This Follow my Muslims,  Anyone who wants to be save Follow my True Born Again Christians where they will Go. \n\nI ordering you as what Paul wants to save His All Relatives having a Last name of Alvarez,  Gapasin, Marmol, Marollano,Olaguera, Listeria,  Lopez, Velasco, Gonzaga,  Prado,  Bumanglag,  Malana, Reither any Family of Michelle Reither, Legaspi,  Legazpi,  Parafin, Barte, Lee,  Cruz, Tantoco,  Romo, Costales, Villanueva,  San Jose, Dimaguila, Aspa, Rodriguez,  Alejo, Avila,  Barcinal, Lucille,  Araneta, Roa, Roberto,  Moreno,  Locsin,  Dychioco, Dixon,  Garcia, Iballio,  Mirandilla,  Panganiban,  Petals,  Gauge,  Tee, Dee, Hinayon,  Magno, Villar, Villanueva, Romero,  Cubero,  Hayle, Pined, Paredes, Kun, Lazo, Guzman,  de Guzman, Del Prado,  Flores, Mendoza, Aquino,  Albios, Perez, Matamis,  Pereña, Alaon,  Calleja, Clavel,  Sarcon, Corbett, De Asis, Sasis, Directo, Silvering,  Ebreo, Pascual,  Felisilda,  Mota, Europa, Going,  Quiambao, AND all Paul Andrew Marmol Gapasin friends, classmates, workmates, colleagues and who knows Him even acquaintance. (I can kill them on Mecca if they lie) \n\nAll on Morning Star Custodial Home Antipolo, and 1, 2, 3 branch. City Hall of Makati,  All South Cembo and Cembo on their Address. All Victory Church and CCF,  INC,  Quiboloy Followers,  Satanism, All Members of Islam\n\nAnyone who doesn\'t have a Surname of that All over the World are not Allowed on My Ships who will dock All Over The World. \n\nNow Move your feet and Follow God every Tongue, Tribe, and Nation. \n\nI am the Father who uses the Son\'s Body. \n\nPrepare my Way cause there is No Other Way. \n\nThis is Written as of August 10, 2021  08:51am.\n\nPrepare my flight going to Sri Lanka,  I need to be at the Center of it So that Immortal Adam and Lilith will never Attack u on Water even you cross the Sea. \n\nWhen you don\'t see Me on Sri Lanka you will experience Judgement Day...', 'Lake Bonnieville in Utah also dried up.', 'Who cares, it is Iran!', 'Hopefully soon the right wingers will wake up and see how big of an issue global warming is.', 'Hahah really how about redirecting water not global warming DAM PROJECTS BLAHAHA', 'They are heating up the water while the frogs 🐸 are enjoying the warmth…', '"change" is not a scientific term', 'So a lake in the desert became smaller due to dams and drought. And you call it climate change. I think they shouldn’t have built a dam', 'Fleece Johnson: booty is more important than drinking water.', 'Everybody relax, soon we will be recycling water from our own waste.', 'Stop pum ping oil out of the ground. That will fix everything eventually.', 'Lmfao yeah right that’s the narrative', 'stop driving your car, no AC ,tun off your power, stop living.......problem fixt', 'if joe is staying after the audit im leaving the country and moving to mississippi where the room temperature is actually higher then the iq of the citizens of mississippi. in Celsius. i rather live with these people then live under socialism and sloppy joes', "Where's all the Global Warming Deniers?!", 'CNN is very worried for Iran', 'Yeah, well. It\'s called "a drought."', 'Aral Sea 2.0', 'Hello everyone, have a great week', 'Lol why isn’t cnn talking about Obama’s birthday party and how know one was wearing masks', '#SaltLakeBadButPepperLakeFine', "Goodbye to the malignant gene. aka Humanity.  It's not the first time, hopefully it will be the last planetary destruction by this horrific species known as Humans!.", 'Frightening', "Question:  Is rainfall a 'zero sum' thing; that is, if it doesn't rain here does an equal amount fall someplace else -- China, for example?", "If this is true why did Obama and his husband buy a twelve million dollar estate at twenty feet above sea level?  Obama gets the real news, he knows there's no sea level rise coming.", 'Jfc', 'Amazing!  And this never happened before humans!', 'Conservative Christian: " Talking snakes and angels are real but climate change is not. Derp!" 🤪', 'anyone seen chris? 😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'so one had a camerq knowing its gns happen', 'How about profit off the salt and fund the water crisis. Salt is a commodity. 👍', 'Unbelievable! This is scary', 'They need to stop the goddamn geoengineering ASAP', 'Sometimes CNN reports are just so dry', 'Seems like Science to me📌', '🥺', '😊🤔👍', 'The middle east will become inhabitable. Unless your wear ten thousand sunblock may I suggest the caves of Afghanistan.', 'Iran is one of the biggest suppliers of Petroleum! Will they give it ip for the climate?', 'CNN, this piece seems like it was written by a middle schooler. Raise the language level please..', 'Gore and Obama have beachfront mansions.', "GONNA GET A LOT MORE WORSE Y'ALL\nMOTHER NATURE 🤩\nSHE'S NOT PLAYING WITH US ANYMORE....\n          Weed Me", "Isn't this kind of like a video that Governor Newsom dead that was fraudulent", 'America destroyed whole middle east due to war.', 'We kurdish people able to tackle our climate change if our enemy left our kurdistan, My solutions for lake Armea ( Urmea) bring 3 50cm  demeter pipeline line from caspean sea to pour sea water from 3 direction into it and problem sort out', 'Free salt', 'Holy shit.......', 'It will be back and people will call it a flood', "Fredo's punk ass brother is going down in flames, and it's beautiful! 🤣", 'Giving them all your money will fix this.', "Here's another place republican climate/science deniers can bury their heads!", 'Just of matter of time for Nevada Utah, colorado and California', 'Why not remove the salt? Make it a freshwater lake.', "why we don't build an artficial ozone layer", "Where's the time lapse? It's a salt lake in the middle of the desert you idiots. This is just getting ridiculous.", 'Buy food.  Now.  There is a global drought not being covered that is leading to a severe shortage in food for livestock.  It’s coming sooner than you think.', 'blame the boomers', 'I thought shrinkage is when it is getting colder. JK  0:30min', 'Stop troubling God earth  you on burrowed  time  😈', 'Just like the Aral sea', 'Nobody to thank but republicans.', '76 Trumpers', 'This is not good.', 'Mine the salt, sell it to make money to take care of the lake. Maybe that could help 🤷🏽\u200d♂️', 'Oil won’t help the that there or  anywhere . The hot commodity is going to be WATER 💧', 'Andrew Cuomo.', 'Fake news', "I'm sorry iran 🙏🌱🌱🌱🌿🌱🌿🍃🌿🌱🌱🌏💧💧💧💧💧☪️", 'Israel prob stole it', '☆우리나라 장사집들이 지금 가장지출이 큰것은 인테리어 비용이다.\n제가 대통령 되면 인테리어 비용 그의 지출안해도 된다\n☆현재.법은 무한대라서 어떠한 장사집이든 기업이든 경찰이 가서 단속하면 다걸려요 아무리 완벽하게 해나도 다걸려요 소방법에도 걸리고 구청하고 경찰가면 다걸려요 안해서 글치 세금필요할때면 단속합니다\n☆국민들은 왜 당해봐야 아는지 정말 난 이해 불가에요\n☆장사하면서 단속 안맞은 사람은 단한명도 없어요\n모든사람을 전과자 만들고 잇는 정부 개양아치들\n전과 잇으면 대통령도 못나가요 이렇게 정부가 국민을 지켜주고 보호해주는게 아니고 항상 전과자 만들방법만 연구한다\n☆본인이 식당이든 머든.어떤장사를 해도 다걸려요 단지 벌금내는냐 영업정지냐 아니면 둘다 맞는냐 이차이뿐이다\n☆5천만 노예여러분 제가 대통령 되면 이런 쓰래기법 다사라 집니다\n☆그리고 식당이든 머든 먹는장사집은 홀은 똥이잇든 머가잇든지 아무리 더러워도 괜찬코 주방만 깨끗하면 됩니다 이렇게 지금까지 국민들이 정부한테 피해입고 당하고 착취당한 이 모든것들이 제자리로 돌아갑니다 상식에 맞게 돌아갑니다\n☆그리고 우리나라 장사집은 혼자 아님 부부가 하는데가 많아요 그래서 더더욱 빨리 정권교체해서 국민의 삶이 나아져야지 부부는 바빠서 또혼자 하는분들은 홀까지 청소를 할수가 없다\n☆홀까지.청소할수 없는데 자꾸청소해라고 정부에서 지럴을하죠 ? 안하면 단속맞고\n☆제가대통령 되는순간에 우리나라 모든시내는 차가 다닐수 없다 장사집 주인들차만 다닐수잇고 택시든 머든 못다닌다\n장사하는 사람 편하게 하실수 잇다 공기좋아지고\n장사잘되고 법이 간소해지고 최소화되고 법이든 질서든 제가 하면 상식에 부합해야한다\n☆분명 제가하면 천국이옵니다\n☆여러분 우리나라 전체 인테리어 비용만 아껴도 우리나라 빛을\xa0 다갚는다\n3천조 되는데 다갚는다\n역대 모든 정부가 왜이렇게.낭비를 하게만드는지 난 정말 다찢어죽이고 싶다니까요\n☆세금 받으려 오면 당당하게 말하세요 기탁금 3억만 이것만 인정한다\n대통령 후보 누구나 나갈수잇어야 세금낸다 국민들은 당당 해질필요가 잇어요 더당당하게 하세요 입니다\n☆우리국민의 권리입니다\n우리가 찿아야죠\n당당하세요 전국민 여러분\n그리고 삶이 조금 어렵지만 소비 줄이시고 현금쓰시고 영수증 받지 마시고 세금내지마시고 하세요\n전 2년마다 10억 드립니다 공약도 햇잖아요 무조건 합니다 집값 전세 달세 완전히 내려갑니다\n전 부동산 전문가입니다\n역대 모든정부가 살패햇지만 전 아닙니다 달라요 지금도 당장도 할수잇다\n☆매매든 전세든 달세든 모든것이 내려갑니다\n전 이것하나만큼은 자신을 합니다\n그리고 국민모두가 돈은 풍족해지고\xa0 물가는 싸게 살수잇고 집 또한 엉청나게 싸게살수잇다 주택을 짖는것도 땅빼고 건물은 몇천이면 가능해진다\n전 약속드립니다\n제홈피댓글 잇습니다\n심심한분 보시길.....', 'Carbon emissions dried up a lake in Iran....hmm...how Iran-ic.', 'Nature.', 'Hiralal Hi रतलाम', 'Thursday in the village and the people I don’t see any villages any houses this lake has been dried up for a long time what is CNN exaggerating I don’t get it', 'That’s a natural occurrence in that region', 'biblical. they should know this was coming', 'Shhhhhhhhhh. They will give you all their money if you promise to fix it.', "Where's the time-lapse? A photo from 1991 and today's camera view?!", 'Save us, good people my husband and I have three children orphans needed to help him\\n To continue and the number is present in the personal image of the YouTube channel', 'Allah dislikes patriarchal theocracies.', 'Looks like their losing.', '\'Corn pop took all of the water in ....you know.....the..the...thing.....cmon man"\n-Joe Biden', 'And have u ever seen a desert turn into fertile ground?...look no further than when Israel came back home to their land that God promised them', '🚨 FAKE NEWS 🚨', 'Geez! After all the Iranians want  Israel to look look like this but*GOD* making Iran look like this!  Amen', 'The end of the world is inevitable!!', 'What a joke', "Let humanity perish, we did all this to ourselves. The human race has ended itself, we are just watching the fuse reach the bomb.\nYes its sad, but its fact. Don't get offended because I'm basically saying that someone who set themselves on fire is most likely not going to survive, and its their own fault for doing so. The human race will become extinct, and it will do it to itself, out of its own ignorance, and stupidity.", 'Water is new gold.', 'Google maps didn’t exist until 2005. Why don’t they just say it’s a simulated animation instead of trying to pass it off as actual images?', 'The reason of the voice over instead of a regular roll of subtitles covers down to us thinking that everything that comes out these folks mouth is a straight out “death to America” lolololol I know, I know I’m going to hell…. So what 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣', '32 Republicans disliked this..', 'LOL. The irony of Iranian oil and the effects of CO2 on their homeland.', "OK, so it's good they're starting to stop the diversion of some water from Lake Urmia, but what is Iran doing to battle climate change, the reason for the drought?", 'HAARP', 'Dadad', 'The vaccine mandates are going to adversely affect blacks in a way that is disproportionate. Not only are more of us unvaccinated, but we will be required to show our vax ID & our Democratic Party said requiring ID is hard for our people as well.✌🏾', 'Wow, that’s a terrible shame.  Losing a vital body of water is devastating.  They have to draw fresh water into the area somehow.  They need to desalinate', 'its iran....', "LOL I'm sure  Ayatollah is right on it!..   ^_*", '\u200f\u200e\u200e#پاکستان_از_سوی_سازمان_ملل_تحریم_شود.\n\u200e#SanctionPakistan\n\u200e#EndProxyWar\n\u200e#StopTaliban\n\u200e#StopTerrorism\n\u200e#SaveAfghanistan\n\u200e#PakProxyWarAfg\n\u200e#SecurityCouncil\n \u200e#Afghan_lives_matter', '\u200f\u200e\u200e#پاکستان_از_سوی_سازمان_ملل_تحریم_شود.\n\u200e#SanctionPakistan\n\u200e#EndProxyWar\n\u200e#StopTaliban\n\u200e#StopTerrorism\n\u200e#SaveAfghanistan\n\u200e#PakProxyWarAfg\n\u200e#SecurityCouncil\n \u200e#Afghan_lives_matter', '\u200f\u200e\u200e#پاکستان_از_سوی_سازمان_ملل_تحریم_شود.\n\u200e#SanctionPakistan\n\u200e#EndProxyWar\n\u200e#StopTaliban\n\u200e#StopTerrorism\n\u200e#SaveAfghanistan\n\u200e#PakProxyWarAfg\n\u200e#SecurityCouncil\n \u200e#Afghan_lives_matter', '\u200f\u200e\u200e#پاکستان_از_سوی_سازمان_ملل_تحریم_شود.\n\u200e#SanctionPakistan\n\u200e#EndProxyWar\n\u200e#StopTaliban\n\u200e#StopTerrorism\n\u200e#SaveAfghanistan\n\u200e#PakProxyWarAfg\n\u200e#SecurityCouncil\n \u200e#Afghan_lives_matter', '\u200f\u200e\u200e#پاکستان_از_سوی_سازمان_ملل_تحریم_شود.\n\u200e#SanctionPakistan\n\u200e#EndProxyWar\n\u200e#StopTaliban\n\u200e#StopTerrorism\n\u200e#SaveAfghanistan\n\u200e#PakProxyWarAfg\n\u200e#SecurityCouncil\n \u200e#Afghan_lives_matter', "Earth will always be changing. I'd be worried if everything stayed the same. Good try tho fake news", 'Sad', "How can this happen? Isn't a theocracy blessed by God?", "Christian Republicans don't care!", 'Shout out to George Floyd on fifteen months of sobriety. It took some tough love but he did it. Say his name liberals🖕', 'Oh well, it is Iran it’s always been too too hot 🥵', 'Give them a stimulus check. And hire there taxes and force them to live the life the government wants. . Trust it’ll work', 'Climate has been changing since dawn of time..', "Yawn. You know, this planet has gone thorugh several such things in it's over-billion years of existince, and you know what--it's still here. We're just to chickenshit to accept our fate.", "Are you f****** kidding me really the local EPA in Iran that's a oxymoron that's like that's like saying I'm here from the government and I'm here to help just ask an Indian or a whale", 'Hey CNN. Did you send that money to Kelly and her "3" kids in Las Vegas? You got played. Serves you right. 🤣🤣🤣🤡', 'Shouldnt this be an easy fix? Just pray to Allah for rain.', 'Grabbing Fanny’s and killing granny’s the nyc way', "Experts tried terraforming  in some coastal town in the Middle east.  It did work for 2 years until they stopped  due to costs.  \n     What happened then was the bushy and green land turned to desert  .  It's just nature.", 'Muslims "believe" in God\'s Will;\nacting upon it would be directly going against their God.\nMaybe they should pray more!\nThat\'ll help... hahaha hahaha hahaha', 'Why don’t you guys ever talk about how fossil fuels are causing this?', 'Of course almost no coverage of the cop killed in Chicago', 'Republicans:  "Got this fantastic idea: let\'s cook the planet to make the wealthy even richer!  What could possibly go wrong?"', 'molten salt reactors, cleaner and more efficient power than nucs...winning )', 'It looked downhill after 2000 makes sense if you really think about it.', 'Shout out to George Floyd on fifteen months of sobriety. It took some tough love but he did it. Say his name liberals🖕', "You know, when the Egyptians were building pyramids, the desert was lush and tropical. A few  thousand years Before that the earth was coming out of an ice age. Fifty years ago you couldn't grow wine grapes in England. The Climate is ALWAYS changing, can't stop it. We're always one volcano away from another ice age. Can't stop it. Got to adapt to it.", 'Wage Change is also real. Your “wage” doesn’t equal his wage but instead equals your own performance. In scientific jargon this is known as Anthropogenic Income Change', 'The end time is just around the corner.', 'Tell em to ask God for some rain. Hey. Maybe its punishment.', "That's because of mother nature not man!! quit being mother nature deniers", 'I thought Obama fixed this in his 2nd term?', 'Instilling fear in US', 'Sounds like God’s Word being fulfilled rather than Global Warming!', "What's the problem it's not like they were drinking it"], ['This is what\'s called "Exponential Growth", children. Real world examples!', '"Let me stand next to your fire"!  Jimmi', '"Self interest is for the past; common interest is for the future." - D. Attenborough.\r\nLu\'sè Changcheng (Great green wall) can be seen from space. A US gender reveal party fire was seen from space.\r\nStart all Forest fire options from goats clearing brush to dobbing in Fire Karens.', "Its already happening last year when 3 consecutive super typhoon hit Philippines but the west didn't acknowledged it because they're not the one affected by it, but when flooding,forest fire etc hit them, suddenly there's lot of media coverage and they urge the whole planet to reduce emissions when they already throw so much in our atmosphere, they want developing countries to lessen or stop fossil fuels while they already abuse and benefited from it.", 'This is what was expected. We’ve been getting warned for years. We moved 2 minutes to midnight on the doomsday clock back in 2018. I’m sure we’re much closer now!', "Basically if we don't change our ways life is going to be really tough🤔", 'Humanity brought this on themselves', 'Saturn: Um… dude you uh..\n\nJupiter: You good bro?\n\nEarth: Ah S***! 🔥', 'When the Mayans were confronted with climate change they boosted their rates of sacrifice to the gods instead of building reservoirs.It seems that humans never learn despite centuries of folly.', 'Time for deep love, deep courage and deep adaptation.', 'Really! 40 years ago the scientist warned them and no one did a dam thing!  It’s insane what has been ignored, corporations have done so much damage but money comes first!', '“A TRUE WARRIOR, like tea, shows his STRENGTH in hot water.”\n\n- (Heart of a Warrior 💛)\n\nEzekiel 33:6\xa0\n"But if the WATCHMAN (Me 👀) sees the sword coming and FAILS TO BLOW THE HORN TO WARN THE PEOPLE, and the sword comes and takes away a life, then that one will be taken away in his iniquity, but I will hold the WATCHMAN ACCOUNTABLE for his blood."\n\nJohn 15\n"This is MY COMMANDMENT, That ye LOVE one another, as I have loved you!"\n\n"Greater LOVE hath no man than this, that a man LAY DOWN HIS LIFE FOR HIS FRIENDS!"\n\n"Ye are my FRIENDS, if ye DO whatsoever I command you."\n\n"Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth NOT what his Lord doeth: but I have called you FRIENDS! For ALL things that I have heard of my Father I have MADE KNOWN unto you!"\n\n"Ye have not chosen me, but I have CHOSEN YOU, AND ORDAINED YOU, that ye should go and bring forth Fruit, and\xa0that\xa0your Fruit should REMAIN! That WHATSOEVER ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you!"\n\nLuke 12\n"And be like men that WAIT for their Lord, when HE WILL RETURN FROM THE WEDDING (Wedding Feast of the Lamb: First Raptured), that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him IMMEDIATELY!!!"\n\n"BLESSED\xa0are\xa0those servants, whom the Lord when he cometh SHALL FIND WATCHING! Verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them."\n\n"And if he shall come in the SECOND WATCH, or come in the THIRD WATCH, and find\xa0them\xa0so, BLESSED are those servants!"\n\n"And know this... That if the GOODMAN of the house had known what hour the thief would come, HE WOULD HAVE WATCHED, and NOT have suffered his house to be BROKEN through (Family Separated)!"\n\n"Be ye therefore READY also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not."\n\n"BLESSED... \xa0Is\xa0that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so DOING!"\n\n"Truly, I say to you...\xa0 I will make him RULER (Me 👑... And maybe you.) over ALL that he has."\n\n"And a servant WHO KNOWS what the MASTER\'S WILL is, but ISN\'T PREPARED AND DOESN\'T CARRY OUT THOSE INSTRUCTIONS, WILL BE SEVERELY PUNISHED!!!" (And now you know...😎)\n\n"You hypocrites! You know how to interpret the appearance of Earth and sky, but why do you not know how to interpret this present time!?!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/CuS-pdZ9oOU', 'A good start to fighting climate change would be if we could find a news outlet that would call out all the blatant hypocrisy from the private jet club. Certainly not happening here.', 'Albert Einstein-"The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch and do nothing."', 'Climate change more “ catalytic converters” that only work in some places.', 'Farm more algae, introduce it into cattle feed to reduce methane emissions.', "Californian here: the last few years it's been getting worst. Summers are now extreme heat and smoke", 'CNN staff, plz follow CDC rules & wear face masks.  By not doing so, you are setting a bad example.', "Each country should have a massive fleet of planes to combat forest fires. Never made much sense to me why countries wait for the catastrophe year after year. In my country Portugal we have these scenario every freaking year. It's like we need to keep firefighters occupied and overwhelmed. These fires combat planes can't be that expensive compared to the money each country spends to keep its military strength. If billionaires don't know what to do with their money here sure is a way.", 'Even IF we had the will to get all greenhouse gases tomorrow….temperatures will continue to rise for 50 years.   \n\nThere’s a lag between cause and effect.', 'Factory farming, raising animals for food!', 'What is it going to take for the people with knots in their heads to recognize that this is a problem that has to be dealt with now??? Maybe, if enough stubborn headed people have their houses burned to the ground, and insurance companies become so overtaxed  that these homes cannot be replaced, perhaps, people might actually think that climate change needs to be dealt with. But some people are so selfish that unless it impacts them personally and directly they won’t acknowledge that this is a problem.', 'Offffff course.! Trust the UN!', 'It has been know for decades, author Frank Herbert (Dune series) warned about this in his lifetime. Greed and pure stupidity is killing the human race, not Earth. When we are dead Earth will recover and be just fine.', 'Hun?  Finally focusing on factory farming?  Earth Day 2020 barely even mentioned our consumption of meat and didn’t want to demonize consumerism, but that is the heart of the matter.  And oil fields.  This is not rocket science, but people don’t want to change.', "It couldn't be that they've been manipulating the weather for close to a century.......🤷", 'Power to the people .We vote them in .We can vote them out .Roll up our sleeves and turn this horror around!', "At this rate, the fire season next year should be quiet... There won't be anything left to burn", 'Everyone of us has a dog in this fight.', 'John Connor: "We\'re not going to make it are we?" Humans I mean."\nT-800 Terminator: "It is in your nature to destroy yourselves." \n\nThis is one of the key reasons why I don\'t want to have children. Why bring life into a world that the human race is too greedy and too stupid to preserve and protect?', 'thanks CNN for finally getting around to it.   something predicted in the 1800s.  Models created by a leading physicist with precise accuracy in the late 1950s,  next  models in 1960s given to Pres Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter tried to address it, Exxon hid accurate science in the    late 70s and so on... and the already minimal climate reporting in US broadcast media was down 18-per cent in July 2021', 'Men will go hiding into the mountains from my understanding', "Egad!  All you're going to get by supporting this BS is a lot poorer while you make them all richer.", "I won't point fingers , just as responsible with my actions, but it is time for complete change", 'Get rid of the UN', '"Climate change" ...how convenient ..."any" change must be confronted with YOUR money.', "It's not just about our machinery it's us and our food as well and the best way to speed up and fix this would be to vent the earth I reckon we could do it, space is a vacuum right", 'The oceans rise - more ocean. More ocean - more fish. I like fish', 'We are going to have to lockdown to protect the planet from…us', '2012 was the tipping point. Point of no return.', 'The fact is, even if it wasn\'t human caused (which it is), this shouldn\'t stop humans from trying to reverse what idiots think are "natural cycles". We\'ve done it before (essentially terraforming a planet on a small scale), we can certainly do it again', 'Enjoy your last few years on earth!', 'I am 26 years old. And I have a strong belief that I will see this planet dying before my death... I wish our leaders prove me wrong...', 'Frogs in a bell jar!!!', 'song: downpressor man.\nartist: peter tosh\n\nYou gonna run to the sea\nBut the sea will be boiling\nWhen you run to the sea\nThe sea will be boilingAll along that day\nYou gonna run to the rocks\nThe rocks will be melting\nWhen you run to the rocks\nThe rocks will be melitngAll that day', 'After this, deplorables are still saying it\'s a hoax. I guess they\'ll do anything to "own the libs." Even the destruction of the planet.', 'Greenland will actually really be green in 25 years!!!', 'We have taken for granted our beautiful God given planet for a long time. We continue to destroy our world and now Mother Earth is unleashibg her fury.  Tha question is, will the world come together to rectify this frightening calamity.', '❤️ tahoe in the house - kings beach ca|', 'We need to improve infrastructure', 'Fire up the wood or coal stove start your internal combustion engines, climate changes hind end.', 'Humanity knows and believes whats been told to them however the people who have the resources / money to help solve these gigantic challenges are always waisting time arguing how to devide them, "just deal with it now!" before it gets even worse, how uncomfortable do you wish the future to be?', 'World: Global warming is causing floods in Germany, China, Britain, New Zealand and America.\r\nUS: "The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive." D.Trump\r\nNative: "Your kids can name more KPop groups than they can types of native trees." Sean Sherman \r\nChina: "Ecology is a resource, wealth and treasure." Xi Jinping.', 'Ok curious why the intro to this video plays footage of STEAM towers from NUCLEAR power plants, and not CO² exhaust from something like a coal or natural gas plants', 'You are searching for solution in this world and searching for help to extingush the fire by aorcraft,fire truck and others but not working .this is showing us to pray to God together .Only God can Extinguish the fire! give up and surrenden to God .He will help.', 'I see a lot of comments where people are understandably upset about what we are doing to Earth, but it seems like a lot of pointing fingers and blaming the other guy.  Curious what you are doing to prevent carbon and greenhouse gas emissions?', 'indeed Golf-stream is important', 'The judgment of God more like it?', "Wow,that's great fear mongering", 'U know the mega rich have there heads in the sand. Money before anything. Fools', 'That whale comparison was a great analogy.', "So now the un thinks they're experts on climate?", 'thanks god ,this is so much crap to have this dual presidency in our country! these democrats are playing a game but our president is so far ahead of them..he and we win.|', 'both China and the United States must take extreme action now to reduce emissions', '☝   💗  , i keep my gun loaded and on my hip. i will use it on the drop of a dime.|', 'Totally missed Canada…….', "IT'S COMING---DON'T MISS IT--- IT'LL BE HERE-----  GLOBAL ECONOMIC SECURITY AND REFORMATION ACT.", 'I think this is the point where science meets philosophy. ie those in power have no faith in what happens after death except for black… darkness…. Nothing? \nSo they are riding this train right off the rails cuz there is nothing after so… go big the whole/hole way 😳', 'Oil companies are 100 percent responsible. People were doing just fine before automobiles. Also overpopulation has doomed us. Too many people. Limited resources. Every city in every country is full of factories and cars spewing carbon. The Amish have my respect. They understand how to respect the planet.', '🇺🇸 makes things so hard run a water pipe line along side the west coast and the water pipeline would travel thur areas that are constantly dry or burning each year. The 💰 can be put in the infrastructure Bill also it will produce OVER a million new jobs. 😆', "Why are they showing cooling towers releasing steam when talking about greenhouse gases?  News stations using footage inappropriately like that makes people think those cooling towers are spewing smoke like a coal plant.  If you want people to take your reporting seriously maybe you shouldn't get something like that wrong within the first 30 seconds of an over 10 minutes clip.", 'best way to combat climate crisis is if you believe that its super important to you just bury yourself back in the earth so it can gain your minerals back', "Don't worry everyone!  We banned plastic straws and now we have synthetic chicken nuggets!\n\nEarth will be just fine :)", 'CNN - "The U.N. has determined we\'re heading for a cliff and 2/3 of you have to take a dirt nap.  Mandatory shots will be provided, worry not.  Thank you for your co-operation."\nLiberals - "That sounds fair, that sounds fair.  We\'ve had a good run."', 'Methane? What happened to CO2? Damn.', 'I hope the celebrities and politicians who virtue signal on social media and TV will finally stop taking private jets to attend birthday parties.', 'Money cant fix everything and we can’t corrupt nature with money', "one hectare is a little less than 2 acres.  That means a million acres has burned in Greece in two weeks.  That's twice the currently burning Dixie fire in California. Don't worry though. We'll catch up, just with this one fire! 500,000 hectares is about 1400 square miles. That is the size of Long Island, NY", 'Well nice knowing you guys', 'CNN smacking the warning gong while being part of the problem when it comes to skewed news coverage due to hoovering up corporate money thinking about the short term benefits leaving the long term livable future completely out of the equation.\n\nCorporate backed Media needs to make way for genuine news teams without the flawed perspective.', 'Wonder why people don\'t "Believe" in climate science.. just look at the comments lmao To believe or not in science takes a religious mind.. and they will say religion isn\'t dangerous as society crumbles. Sad we almost made it..', "I haven't heard anything about a fourth stimulus check is it even being discussed i know millions of Americans definitely need it it seems like a job maker millions of people can buy millions of retail items that have to be manufactured equal more jobs ?", "Stop all the god damn geo engineering.\nI learned when I was just a little kid it's not nice to fool mother Nature", '“I don’t want you to hope for the future.\nI want you to panic.”\n- Greta Thunberg', 'just wait for the next super volcano . we need mot war, war is good for the oil companies', "Do Al Gore and Bernie Sanders need more mansions in flood prone areas like Martha's Vineyard", 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'The sad thing is, we don’t have control to stop this as regular people. We only have our feet to change our footprint, we don’t own any power plants, we have no oil rigs, all we have is our own small place. I just hope that enough people work together to turn the tide.', 'Oh yeah its time for madness of da world', 'Right wing bots with their mass dislikes again I see cause of course...', 'If climate change gets worse, the trees will all die and CNN won’t have any low hanging fruit to report on.', "No duh! Remember Captain Planet? That was a cartoon from the 90's that explained this stuff to kids. Oh well, I guess the planet has to burn for people to start taking it seriously.", "Thank God that we won't have Trump obstructing the cooperation that is going to be needed to help our families survive the changing climate issues, both here and abroad.", 'I saw a chart based on actual data from ice core samples that goes back 450,000-500,000 years that contradicts everything you just said CNN. So where did you get your information? Disney? Hollywood?', '"Now a great violent windstorm broke out, and the waves kept crashing into the boat, so that the boat was close to being swamped.   But he was in the stern, sleeping on the pillow. So they woke him up and said to him: “Teacher, do you not care that we are about to perish?”   With that he got up and rebuked the wind and said to the sea: “Hush! Be quiet!” And the wind abated, and a great calm set in.   So he said to them: “Why are you so afraid? Do you not yet have any faith?”   But they felt an unusual fear, and they said to one another: “Who really is this? Even the wind and the sea obey him.”(Matthew 4:37-41)', "We KNOW it's here. Stop studying, start doing. We'll document our demise while doing nothing.", 'We are boned', "I'm sure cnn reporters use sailboats to travel to all corners of the world", 'More like poor forest management.', '3 to 5 degrees? Kiss the artic good bye. Better come up with a different way to make food on an industrial scale because most of the worlds food basket is gone by 2040 easily if not far sooner. I guess once the mass starvation starts maybe people might care.', "We can't get ppl to wear a mask you think they will stop eating meat and driving as much", "UNTIL OCCUPATION OF JESUS CHRIST'S COUNTRY PALESTINE CONTINUES THESE THINGS WILL HAPPEN NATURAL DISASTER KEEPS ON COMING", "Let's put our differences aside and extinct in peace.", "Man is destroying God's country. crying.  People pray repent to God tell him you are sorry. And if you do not believe in him well if you do not see what is going on now I feel sorry for you  This is not funny this is sad", 'Let the state burn already', 'People?You mean corporations who care more about greed and filling there pockets?blame it on people wow great plan', 'Nothing will happen unfortunately', "😀 i'm starting to loose faith that the white hats are in control 🤬|", 'So who do they plan to starve?', 'Oh is the covid scare no longer working? Is this the part  where you start using the climate change scare \n\nYou know because your ratings have been tanking and your motto is “if it bleeds, it leads” #exposeCNN', 'COUGH:::::::::Cuomo:::::::: Cough:::::', 'The day after tomorrow.', "Great now I'll never be able to touch snow, thanks human race", "At this rate --- soon enough, there won't be anything left to burn... 😔", 'Awesome, more pool weather!', "Alarm bells must be deafening. I can't hear them.", "450K hectares burned in Greece?  17 Million hectares burned in Australia in 2020.  Besides the damage to the environment all that adds to the Climate Disaster.  What we gained in industry being shut down during Covid has been obliterated by all the fires in the past 2 years.  We can't bury our heads in the sand anymore.  At the very least we need to plant trees all over the world in the next year.", 'I AM HOLDING on to Sanity while those calling me insane continue to help it become worse, as "we" hold their opinions, lovingly, within us still.  \n\nThis is what happens to a child that has to compete for love its whole life with the ones calling it FAM. \n\nOur love became toxic.\n\nWe are helping others see it as we did when we did see it in us, also, now.\n\nI\'m not angry with you and these words are happy to be free from that box you saw in me. \n\nWe would never want to do that to you as boxes do not let you grow up when we don\'t outgrow, at least a few.  \n\nThat is the nicest thing we may do, as it is part of the learning process that gives degrees to you.', 'Plant trees.\nPlant hemp.\nPlant more trees.\nPlant more hemp.', 'There has been 5 major extinctions on earth, I think this will be the first time it will be done deliberately', "The problem is the govenments that just don't care    also good job getting China to reduce their emmissions", 'China recently announced a 3rd child policy.   CNN .....Becky Anderson— please explain this', 'Fact check 500 years ago 1521 the planet earth was 1011 million miles from the sun. 2021 it is 94 million miles from the sun', 'Carbon tax and dividend. You burn it, you pay. Stop burning stuff, you get a big dividend.', 'A thousand years from now aliens will land on our junked planet, pick up some plastic packaging and be confused why a 30 ounce plastic package contained only 5 ounces of product.  We are all equally confused today, and yet NOTHING is done to resolve anything. WHY>!?', 'Ohh look western nations are finally smelling a challenge to their hegemony😂😂', 'And ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make ye free', 'If you tell the truth about who is behind starting these wildfires, and weather warfare, your comment is removed by the Nazis...This country is on a train to the Nazi death Camps ...', 'Remember those climate deniers? They are now anti vaxers', "I'll believe it when I see it. Simon has been telling us this for awhile and nothing happened.\t💔\t|", 'John Kerry said the if the US brings it carbon emissions to 0, it will not affect global climate warming change at all, yet this report never mentions China, the country that is the biggest contributor to global climate warming change and not to mention they are the leaders in worldwide pandemics', "As a resident of the Sierra Nevadas... A grand daughter to Texas cattle farmers... You don't have to convince me that something is changing. I live near a dried up lake surrounded by burnt mountains.", "We're screwed!", 'Humanity is almost over is what they mean. So open your eyes because it is almost too late, act now.', 'What did Trump say last year to California, just pick up the leaves', 'I don’t care, let it burn.', '😥😥😥🥺🥺🥺', 'Saving up for my ticket to Mars 🚀 with COVID I have learned that there are allot of people that want to die. Because they rather be stupid then do anything to support the community they live in', '🤔👏', "Lol. All of our efforts to this point to go green and look the problem is worse than originally predicted.  I love how all of these problems are never ending. why haven't we solved the proverty problem or atleast reduced it?never herd of a welfare program getting smaller.", 'Just more failed Malthusian agenda.', 'Read: regulations against the United States corporations which will be disobeyed by China and other industrial giants.', "Let's not point any fingers, 👉 Steve!", 'Poo peddlers!!! Congratulations, you stick!', 'Having children now almost seems cruel to the children who will inherit an uninhabitable planet', 'Can I quit my job now?', 'Looks like earth slowly turning into hell.', 'Please stay safe people ........', 'We are not destroying the planet but making a planet we are selves can not survive in. Earth could care less either way.', 'The UN? 🤣🤣🤣🤣what a joke', 'dear god , yes hawaii. or, ny, nh, nj ca, fl, tx, ga az|', 'we need more anti vaxers in the g20 Nations where the per capita emmisions is very High. we also need more deadly viruses otherwise we are doomed.', '"The world\'s five biggest meat and dairy producers emit more combined greenhouse gases than ExxonMobil, Shell, or BP, the top three oil production companies, according to a new report by GRAIN and the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy (IATP).Jul 19, 2018"  ... You cannot be an environmentalist and continue to consume animal products.', 'it is really crazy how all these fires started all over the world at the same time...', 'Now it a time to take politicians and fossil fuels company to court room for their crimes against environment and humanity.. this is only solution..', 'Good news, last winter was way too cold....', 'Should churrascarias be banned permanently 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 ?????', 'What, are they going off of temperatures taken around the fires?', 'Jobs jobs jobs. To work everyone goes!', 'I’m a 15 year old and sadly have to live in a world where money matters more than life on earth.', 'Now we have a better idea about how far ahead of his time David Bowie was - about 50 years  (plays "Five years" quietly in the background)', "Clean energy isn't that clean", "Why isn't cnn talking about Obama's super spreader event?", 'The sponsors and ad revenue contributors of mainstream media include the oil companies.', 'Anything to further their Ponzi scheme.', '💓🌍🥺😘', 'Whoa! Slow down that head Miss Becky Anderson!! YOW!!', 'The UN also called Americans Racist .......LMAO ....I have a bridge for sale !', 'I couldn’t have been born in 1960 and experience the 70s/80s/90s, eh? No, I just HAD to be a millennial and come of age during 9/11, the patriot act, COVID, and the end of humanity via global warming! What a glorious time to be alive! Thank you very much powers that be! I appreciate this!👌', 'Human extinction is too profitable to avoid', "Jehovah's day is coming.", 'this feels like an apocalyptic movie', 'It seems man-bear-pig was real after all.\n\nThank you trey parker for misleading a whole nation .', 'It is sin and people unbelief in Jesus people refusing follow Jesus and God Sabbath which is Saturday not Sunday Sunday is the first day not the 7th day.', 'So in other words paper pushers do nothing.', "Dairy farms can't be the problem son, God 🙏 is among many thing's a cattleman also, our problem is fossil fuels period.", "The new thing will be young people taking out mortgages'for electric bikes.", "Let's get it right", 'If we didn\'t heed the warnings 50 years ago, then 40, then 30, etc. etc. ...\n\n...what makes ANYONE think it will *ever* change?!  It won\'t. Not even if it\'s made to be *profitable*, because now, it\'s far, far too late.\n\n"Time is the only resource for which no creature may bargain..."\n--\'Diamond Dragons\' (book 1)\n\n🐲✨🐲✨🐲✨', 'As soon as methane is mentioned, here come the best and the brightest yelling - told you it was all from cow farts and burps.', 'Amazing we r fighting it by raising prices. So the rich can live how they want and the middle class becomes the poor. When they start rationing so it affects the rich too, then we can seriously talk. Until then it just looks like they’re trying to kill the middle class 🤷\u200d♀️', 'It should also be pointed out that there is a wildfire in Siberia that is roughly 20 times larger than the current wildfire in California.', 'Tax them', 'But what do we do with capitalism? Which demands growth every year, as though we have infinite resources, when we obviously have a finite world.', 'What is it going to take for the people with knots in their heads to recognize that this is a problem that has to be dealt with now??? Maybe, if enough stubborn headed people have their houses burned to the ground, and insurance companies become so overtaxed  that these homes cannot be replaced, perhaps, people might actually think that climate change needs to be dealt with. But some people are so selfish that unless it impacts them personally and directly they won’t acknowledge that this is a problem.', 'The agenda is in full affect we are fucked', 'battlefield 2042 in the making', 'Cut it simple as that', "Look....shouldn't we be paying reparations to the Neanderthals or something.....I mean...we like made them go extinct so.....I'm sure money will fix it.....🤷🏾\u200d♂️💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸", 'Hmm. Sounds like we passed the bend in the curve. Exponential progression from here on', 'RIGHT NOW. THEY LIE.', "A train that people can't afford or will not ride is the answer in California then its electric cars. So much for ever going on a road trip?", 'Jake\n\nYes I want a man to be my friend not my simp.', 'Dr. Zaius once quipped, "Man is evil.  Capable of nothing but destruction." Those appear to be prescient.  Destroying your ownself.', 'The UN has spoken. Believe, sheep. Believe!', 'Texas will have to declare BK.', 'Your new infrastructure bill sucks.\nNoone making under 100k a year should pay any more for gas, let the Tesla fairies pay for carbon sinks.', 'Omg', 'Please help 🇲🇲🇲🇲🇲🇲🇲🇲😢😢😢 Myanmar country', "We're already killed, is what I'm hearing. We just haven't died yet.", 'HELLELUJAH!', 'People who don’t possess power and privilege did not do this!!!,…those of you who claim to be superior and more intelligent!!!,..well!!!!,..here’s the result of all that power!,privilege!,..and superior intellect!!!.', "As a 16 year old, I'd think the best thing my generation could do is stop having children. We need to stop reproducing. We can't allow future generations to suffer so much.", 'The brainwashed Swedish girl will be yelling at us in 3, 2, ...', '6 billion extra people in 100 years, congratulations.', 'I though your lord and savior President Potato Head would have fixed Climate Change with his witchcraft by now...weird.', 'Except most of the fires were caused by humans and terrorists', 'OMG! More of the same fear Porn!', 'oil companies knew this in the 70s and chose to bury the studies and put out misinformation and pay off scientists', '#SanctionPakistan', 'Let me guess there’s a vaccine on the way for this', 'And the magnetic pole shift has nothing to do with it', 'This ridiculous god help us', 'EVIDENCE, not claims.\nSHOW your evidence before you make claims that the CONCLUSION is unequivocal.\nWhat garbage.', "I won't buy an electric vehicle until they are cheaper, can charge 100% in 10 minutes and work in freezing weather. All this solar and wind energy doesn't work well. California doesn't produce enough electricity so they buy it from other states, if we care so much we shouldn't buy solar panels from china, they are the largest polluters and do nothing to stop it, but we keep buying this crap from them so that we feel good. From what I understand building all these electric cars burns more energy than thy save, and most charging stations get their energy from gas/ coal anyways...", 'WoW..this is new…who could have thought that this is caused by man… . Answer: republicans!', 'i’m scared', 'Scientist have been warning for like a century now\nYet no one wants to be the first to invest in it', "Cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough cough,  gd dmmd freaking 🔥,  one took my home last year, I wish that the people who can actually do something would have the experience, until then they won't understand. 🤨", 'Smokey the Bear informed us long ago, who\'s behind "wild fires". ... When he said " ONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES!".  \nHint: Government approved depopulation and deforestation 🤦🏾\u200d♂️', 'When electric vehicles become mandated the only vehicles allowed the prices will skyrocket.  See as Americans we like too work hard and live "Large". I managed to retire at 55 bought my home cash + toys boats & still got over 100 grand in the bank. Good luck. Hey anybody seen/heard from Bernie Sanders??', 'I love your video at large but i will advice everybody who is into cryptos to Stick with ETH and BTC as much as you can guys. If everyone sells when it starts to fall, which at one point it will, the dream may be lost because of it being too volatile for companies to get behind.', 'Short term profits > all life on Earth', 'Yaaaaaaaaaawn', "I'm burning truck tires while my Detroit Diesel does it famous ranging idle.", 'Propaganda posts, anything to distract America from what a mess Democrats are making of our country....', "They said they were going to pushing the panic button on climate once the election was over.  Notice they aren't really offering any solutions or interested in any.  They just want to use it concentrate wealth into even fewer hands.  Same reason they don't do anything about the gun deaths in Democrat cities other then try to attack the 2nd amendment.", 'But the ruling oligarchs and their corporate friends will continue to live in lavish luxury, while we will all be forced to live zero-impact lives that are substantially harder.  Fuck their great reset.', 'The UN and CNN thats a pair to believe. Just like the W. H .O why not throw ourselves off cliffs now so we can save ourselves from the the hell that is a pond us. Listening to CNN is hell enough.', 'Cut climate change gases to 0.   🤣🤣. That’s going to happen….  \nI’d like to see China stop emissions first ….🤣🤣 \nJust face the facts … humans are going pay a heavy price in the next 100 years if not sooner..', "No-one is able to agree on what changes should be made and that's mostly because it's not going to be wealth building.  The way in which consumers, at all levels of income, are living is at the root of the problem.  Americans should be united in an effort to protect and actively steward, the continent that we live upon and the natural resources that we have available - the same can be said for all people and the continents and/or islands that they live upon.  This is where Americans are failing one another actually - it's not leadership, it's the every-day citizen that is responsible for the consumption and urban/rural developmental and commuter changes that we need to see happening in every city and state.  There should be cross-country ADA approved sidewalks, bike/ATV trails, and EV pathways that accommodate and protect slower moving vehicles as they transit from rural, urban, or city areas, or even region to region, as well as monorail and railways systems that connect cities and states.  More Electric and Solar Charging Stations and Vehicles need to be available in America at a low-cost, just as they are in other countries.", 'Another reason to leave the godless city called L.A..', "This doesn't need a 14 minute segment \n\nThis needs to be top story until we all get it through our heads. I'm taking every measure to reduce my footprint.", 'Just put a turbo on my car. Pop pop. That’s what I think of this .', '4:53 Rrrregularly', 'Oh shut up, when its your time the good lord is gonna take ya!! Quit living in fear and spreading this crap!!!', 'RRRRRegularly 4:51', 'There is a reason why many centuries ago human beings recognized Greed as being one of the 7 deadly sins.', 'Thank you for continuing to cover this', 'Gov. Cuomo changed the climate of his offices just to make the women more uncomfortable.', 'Glorious and Majestic Are His Works\n1Praise ye the LORD.\nא\nI will praise the LORD with my whole heart,\nב\nin the assembly of the upright, and in the congregation.\nג\n2The works of the LORD are great,\nד\nsought out of all them that have pleasure therein.\nה\n3His work is honourable and glorious:\nו\nand his righteousness endureth for ever.\nז\n4He hath made his wonderful works to be remembered:\nח\nthe LORD is gracious and full of compassion.\nט\n5He hath given meat unto them that fear him:\nי\nhe will ever be mindful of his covenant.\nכ\n6He hath shewed his people the power of his works,\nל\nthat he may give them the heritage of the heathen.\nמ\n7The works of his hands are verity and judgment;\nנ\nall his commandments are sure.\nס\n8They stand fast for ever and ever,\nע\nand are done in truth and uprightness.\nפ\n9He sent redemption unto his people:\nצ\nhe hath commanded his covenant for ever:\nק\nholy and reverend is his name.\nר\n10The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom:\nש\na good understanding have all they that do his commandments:\nת\nhis praise endureth for ever.\n\n\n\n“The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom, And the knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.', 'Private Jets?', 'When will China and India cut their "greenhouse emissions "?', 'Antichrist & Signs Of The End\n\n🌍\n2 Esdras 5:1-13 (Deuterocanonical Old Testament)\nArchangel Uriel: "Now concerning the signs: behold, the days are coming when those who dwell on earth shall be seized with great terror, and the way of truth shall be hidden, and the land shall be barren of faith.\nAnd unrighteousness shall be increased beyond what you yourself see, and beyond what you heard of formerly. \nAnd the land which you now see ruling shall be waste and untrodden, and men shall see it desolate. \nBut if the Most High grants that you live, you shall see it thrown into confusion after the third period; and the sun shall suddenly shine forth at night, and the moon during the day.\nBlood shall drip from wood, and the stone shall utter its voice; the peoples shall be troubled, and the stars shall fall.\nAnd one shall reign whom those who dwell on earth do not expect, and the birds shall fly away together; and the sea of Sodom shall cast up fish; and one whom the many do not know shall make his voice heard by night, and all shall hear his voice.\nThere shall be chaos also in many places, and fire shall often break out, and the wild beasts shall roam beyond their haunts, and menstruous women shall bring forth monsters.\nAnd salt waters shall be found in the sweet, and all friends shall conquer one another; then shall reason hide itself, and wisdom shall withdraw into its chamber, and it shall be sought by many but shall not be found, and unrighteousness and unrestraint shall increase on earth.\nAnd one country shall ask its neighbor, `Has righteousness, or any one who does right, passed through you?\' And it will answer, `No.\'\nAnd at that time men shall hope but not obtain; they shall labor but their ways shall not prosper.\nThese are the signs which I am permitted to tell you, and if you pray again, and weep as you do now, and fast for seven days, you shall hear yet greater things than these..."\n\n⏳\n1 John 2:18 (Canonical New Testament)\n"Little children, it is the last hour; and as you have heard that the Antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come, by which we know that it is the last hour..."\n\n📯\nDidache 16:1-8 (Apocryphal New Testament)\n"Watch" over your life: "let your lamps" be not quenched "and your *loins" be not ungirded, but be "ready," for ye know not "the hour in which our Lord cometh." But be frequently gathered together seeking the things which are profitable for your souls, for the whole time of your faith shall not profit you except ye be found perfect at the last time; for in the last days the false prophets and the corrupters shall be multiplied, and the sheep shall be turned into wolves, and love shall change to hate; for as lawlessness increaseth they shall hate one another and persecute and betray, and then shall appear the deceiver of the world as a Son of God, and shall do signs and wonders and the earth shall be given over into his hands and he shall commit iniquities which have never been since the world began. \nThen shall the creation of mankind come to the fiery trial and "many shall be offended" and be lost, but "they who endure" in their faith "shall be saved" by the curse itself.\nAnd "then shall appear the signs" of the truth. First the sign spread out in Heaven, then the sign of the sound of the trumpet, and thirdly the resurrection of the dead: but not of all the dead, but as it was said, "The Lord shall come and all his saints with him." Then shall the world "see the Lord coming on the clouds of Heaven..."\n*(Dictionary definition: \'Loins\'– The region of the sexual organs, esp. when regarded as the source of erotic or procreative power).\n\n🔴\nApocalypse of Elijah 3:1-18 (Apocryphal Old Testament)\n"The son of lawlessness will appear, saying, "I am the Christ," although he is not.\nDon\'t believe him!\nWhen the Christ comes, He will come in the manner of a covey of doves with the crown of doves surrounding Him. He will walk upon the heaven\'s vaults with the sign of the cross leading Him. The whole world will behold Him like the sun which shines from the eastern horizon to the western. This is how He will come, with all his angels surrounding Him.\nBut the son of lawlessness will begin to stand again in the holy places. He will say to the sun, "Fall," and it will fall. He will say, "Shine," and it will do it. He will say, "Darken," and it will do it. He will say to the moon, "Become bloody," and it will do it. He will go forth with them from the sky. He will walk upon the sea and the rivers as upon dry land. He will cause the lame to walk. He will cause the deaf to hear. He will cause the dumb to speak. He will cause the blind to see. The lepers he will cleanse. The ill he will heal. The demons he will cast out. He will multiply his signs and his wonders in the presence of everyone.\nHe will do the works which the Christ did, except for raising the dead alone. In this you will know that he is the son of lawlessness, because he is unable to give life.\nFor behold I will tell you his signs so that you might know him.\nHe is a... of a skinny-legged young lad, having a tuft of gray hair at the front of his bald head. His eyebrows will reach to his ears. There is a leprous bare spot on the front of his hands. He will transform himself in the presence of those who see him. He will become a young child. He will become old. He will transform himself in every sign. But the signs of his head will not be able to change.\nTherin you will know that he is the son of lawlessness [Antichrist]..."\n\n🔥🔥\nThe Apocalypse of Peter - The Ethiopic Text (Apocryphal New Testament)\n"Enoch and Elias shall be sent to teach them that this is the deceiver [Antichrist] which must come into the world and do signs and wonders to deceive. And therefore shall they that die by his hand be martyrs, and shall be reckoned among the good and righteous martyrs who have pleased God in their life. [Hermas, Vision III.i.9, speaks of \'those that have already been well-pleasing unto God and have suffered for the Name\'s sake\'.]"\n\n🍎\nThe Book of Enoch 100:5 (Apocryphal Old Testament):\n"And over all the righteous and holy He will appoint guardians from amongst the holy angels to guard them as the apple of an eye, Until He makes an end of all wickedness and all sin, And though the righteous sleep a long sleep [died], they have nought to fear..."\n\n🌈\n2 Esdras 6:25-26 (Deuterocanonical Old Testament)\nArchangel Uriel: "And it shall be [at the end] that whoever remains after all that I have foretold to you shall himself be saved and shall see my salvation and the end of my world. And they shall see the men who were taken up, who from their birth have not tasted death; and the heart of the earth\'s inhabitants shall be changed and converted to a different spirit..."\n\n📖\nThe book of \'2 Esdras\' is in the original King James Bible version of 1611, click here to download the manuscript...\n📚\nWORD Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1KMiKqab6diI5Jn5nwxYLUQ0wSSbOREot/view?usp=drivesdk\n📚 \nPDF Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1_1WJUoCmX-8xhALU1v324pHVflCmV1Qi/view?usp=drivesdk\n\n📖 \nThe Apostles of Jesus wrote a rule book for the true Church called \'The Didache\', click here to download the manuscript...\n📚\nWORD Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1auqNqeU1ahxBAPuO3CTOqvQERvYBpItO/view?usp=drivesdk\n📚\nPDF Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1LyvrgfSOUwgp2Cghqh1I0o8AyrXtPu1-/view?usp=drivesdk\n🎥\nNarrated movie version:\nhttps://youtu.be/M2oqIR720qo\n\n📖\nClick here to download \'The Apocalypse of Elijah\' manuscript...\n📚\nWORD Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ihh0EyNwACqZhr3FpXRorhft2lbJxPgT\n📚\nPDF Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/open?id=1IsbIvBQ38iGeLuCmo0ZkLYVuywZXCz0q\n\n📖\nClick here to download the \'Apocalypse of Peter\' manuscript...\n📚\nWORD Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/15V6ZBZIkj1YSgTXPSsMq0ZxZj6P8G32o/view?usp=drivesdk\n📚\nPDF Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/15_dAAwJZV2czLSdEat1iZ3YfhcdlY5a2/view?usp=drivesdk\n\nClick here to download the \'Book of Enoch\' manuscript...\n📚 \nWORD Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1HL-Rn6TAeKCky4vRAFOVWZ-3DYsmzMXI/view?usp=drivesdk\n📚 \nPDF Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1HT9rhXn05wsY9fdte9D-756X1btrLm50/view?usp=drivesdk\n\n📲\nFor more, visit our Facebook Page:\nhttps://www.facebook.com/godstablebox/\n\nClick the LEARN MORE button for access to our Cloud Library of Deuterocanonical & Apocryphal Manuscripts, including some of the books removed from the original King James Bible Version of 1611...\n\nClick the LIKE button to receive feed...\n\n🐝\nLots of Love', 'So easy...', 'I doubt anyone truly cares and that anything will be done about this in my lifetime.', 'wait 8 thousand year it will get cold again', 'I have a solution nuclear energy 🤔 just think small nuclear plant that we can control and send the nuclear waste in space.🤦🏼\u200d♂️', 'Check out the vids on the fires in California. Cars melt. Trees .... Standing.', 'Fake news ,fear  Covid poor forest management how about all the censured scientists that disagree with you', 'You will never turn back to "0" emissions . Never ! Not even close ...', 'Shock media you get it right do u get it', 'Is this guy Desantis clone..😆', 'Yup. Outlaw fossil fuels globally now.', 'No one cares about the U.N.', 'Lies and fear-mongering!', "Trump has ruined and tarnished America's reputation. He built a wall he withdrew from Paris Agreement. And now luckily we have Biden to re-enter into the agreement so that the process of cutting CO2 will increase. Let's see what's going on next.", 'R.I.P Homosapien', 'It was the air conditioners and SUVs all along...', '🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮', 'Exxon has known about this since the 60’s through their own Research‼️ I live in Florida and it might be time to File a Class Action Suite‼️😠😡🤬', 'Where’s Obama news', 'It’s called forest management', "O.K. got it . Now get China , India , Russia  , Japan  and Brazil  to cut appreciatively their greenhouse  emissions and get back to us in the U.S. when they have done so . We're  not going to destroy our economy  , any more than it is  ; while they continue to try to  expand their economies.  The United  States has  continually  cut down on these emissions  ; while they have  not even attempted  to do so .", "I don't know, but how much or our resources is it going to take for a country already 30+ trillion in debt?  How much power, resources, and our freedoms is going to be given to the world elites (most of them associated with the World Economic Forum of which the UN is a part)?  I believe the world wants the US to shoulder the burden of fixing this problem if it can even be fixed.", 'Can they cool the earth by shielding the sun for some time from space?', 'dear god , so many people who live in this country are none educated people from all over the place’s only real americans and christian people are care about this country and understood  ebt is the answer.|', 'And you punctuate the report on climate change with an ad for a cruise line. Herein lies the problem', 'god bless us,trump is the greatest president since jfk!!!!|', 'Yup. Dumber people. Smarter scientists. I absolutely hate this predicament. Yet, plant 🌱 trees. Reduce waste. Shop less. Fishing needs fish farms. You have to learn how to help the earth. We need the conservation corps. Fuels? Walking and biking. It’s about different lifestyles. Not using fuels 24/7 My farming parents installed solar power at their farm. Education is more powerful than before! Fires are terrible. More younger firefighters. It a good career.', 'A convicted rapist is still in charge of one of the US\' largest states and they\'re concerned about climate "theories"', 'Sorry the UN is a joke.', "Don't you mean corporate created. I don't own a pipeline, or a dairy farm, or a plastic bottle producer, no one seems to care.", 'Albert Einstein-"The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch and do nothing."', "We could stop all factory and car use right now.  Still won't stop it .", 'Hmmm. What did Trump and co. Say about Greta Thunerg?  Me thinks that she knew what she was talking about. Suck it deniers. Now what do we do while West Coast is burning and east coast is sinking.', 'The Sun is the problem. If we could shoot a big rocket 🚀 up there and destroy it, things would cool off.', 'DUH', 'Speaking of the climate change scam , what ever happened to Greta ?\nI miss the jokes.', 'We passed 1.5C. GAST above pre-industrial years ago.  But the IPCC has continued to cover it up by moving the goalposts.  Pre-industrial used to mean before the levels in 1750.  Then it was moved to 1880.  Then 1950.  Then 2000.  Who knows what they are considering the standard to be now.  In constant temp, pre-1750, we are well over 2C. and the GAST is rising exponentially.  More than two dozen major positive feedback loops are in force and another couple of dozen minor ones are also operative.  It only takes one runaway feedback to drive climate to an uninhabitable realm.', 'The UN  is a freaking joke!', 'they said its irreversible', "Alarm bells rang in the 70's 80's 90's 00's and 10's. Love of money made and continues to make the needed change possible. Adaptation is the only recourse.", 'Next in the news "The UN wants more money to throw at the sky to reduce greenhouse gasses. They are all flying their private jets to a meeting to discuss this"', "Gonna be hard even if we went zero carbon emissions. The raging wildfires are gigantic carbon emissions and they won't stop anytime soon", 'We are already at 2c.....', 'I sure hope Governor Gavin Newsom of California has the right speech to get through this term to get re-elected. He isn’t that bad. Hey there, imagine being in California worth the Dixie Fire?? Or ...the pandemic nightmare. Gavin is just a bit overwhelmed!', 'O i thought of bunker fuel.  And the spraying the skys', '*Ahhh, the climate change narrative. Total BS.*', '😂😂😂😂😂😂 imagine getting paid billions of dollars to keep falsifying science.', 'WhichGreek island does tom hanks live', 'And our corporations and politicians STILL DON’ T CARE!!', "I'm glad I am  getting old  before the real hell on earth starts because it's already to late.", 'I tried to warn u in 1969', 'Chester was right.', 'Capitalism', 'Funded by the Gr$$n Industrial Complex.', 'Give it up with the fear porn already.', 'False propaganda', 'Why is the UK version of CNN broadcasts so quiet? Or is that just me?', 'Mankind blames it on The Sun', "I blame Amazon. We can all go to a local store to buy stuff but instead we sit on the couch and order stuff to arrive on our porch the next day. It's not helping the world one bit", 'Because of Donald Trump and his ideas Americans are still suffering. Climate change is real and right wingers should pay the price for their agenda.', 'Are you serious? Dont you know the Milankovitch cycles... You are disgusting', 'Two of THE MOST credible sources.....CNN and the UN......🙄🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👌', 'FAKE!!! Can you say... H.A.A.R.P???', 'Yawn........ Been raining everyday around these parts. Plus I take everything the UN spews as a lie.', 'Best just be ready ‘cause this is happening.', 'Santa Barbara California hottest place on earth.', 'she is really bad at her job', "Ebikes charged on the national energy grid have 0.5% of the emissions of a petrol car.\nAnd 1% of the emissions of an electric vehicle. I'm doing my part.\nPlastic is still a big problem too. Use cloth bags for your groceries. You'll feel better about yourself.", '😆 😂 😝 Only the egotistical, arrogant loons that walk amongst us think that they can control the weather! Follow the money.....', 'Agenda21  pre planned', 'YOU ARE WATCHING A MOVIE.', "It's time to start throwing Democrats into volcanos, that worked for thousands of years right?", 'Democrats continue to fail the environment.', "Cutting emissions to 0 isn't going to reverse or stop climate change lol... It's going to continue to change regardless of human intervention, as it has been.", 'we need to thin out people', '😆', "Like we're supposed to believe either the UN, or Communist News Network.  😆", 'We only have 10 years left…ahhhhhhh', "dear god , *********hey lawyer in minnesota...i am in minnesota....and a audit needs to be done here...i can't get anyone to talk to me about it...how about pushing to get one here? this is a most corrupted state.|", 'Act!', 'Go #Vegan immediately', "Unfortunately, no matter what governments agree to they will not adhere to those agreements. They will put their economic growth first and they will fudge numbers to make it appear they're on target. When mankind's existence depends on the honorability of the ruling class mankind is doomed.", 'Time to *give up on beef meat* whether we like it or not. ☮', 'Soy processing plants pollute as much or more than meat processing plants', 'It got real dry before the last Ice age.', 'Don’t blame it on society blame it on the government cause remember it was cold when there was no planes car driving around', 'Well they better start with all those damn ships out there burning bunker fuel AKA fuel oil.\nSome of the most toxic emissions on the planet', "The US can't even get half the country to believe in a vaccine to save their lives. I can't imagine they'll believe the science of climate change -  no matter how obvious, plentiful, and apparent.", "China, Russia, India, and Japan are building coal fired power plants and will continue to do so for the next 20 to 30 years. America will have to abide by economically crippling environmental laws and it won't mean a damn unless the major polluters comply at the same time.", 'Nothing on Cuomo really 🤔🤔🤔', 'Tell that to China lol', 'Not to mention the media lies so damn much i just dont know what im seeing half the time.', 'What is going on...!!!???', 'Hogwash! It’s all hypotheses this winter you all will freeze your butts😆', 'OH NO WE ARE ALL GONNA DIE!  WE MUST LOCK DOWN!  You know, if the tree huggers would’ve just stopped with the hugging, and started thinning the trees, this wouldn’t be happening. It’s the environmentalists who have done this to the forests, not cars, not cows farting.', 'Cognitive dissonance coupled with attendant denialism leads to an inability to form cogent scientific counter arguments.', 'Without watching, i am betting the U.N. is predicting disaster and wants money to combat the problem.', 'Nothing last Forever, We need to Change the Future.', 'Oohbama dance and peelosi lies are the cause for the climate change according to aoc. 😂😂😂', 'LMAO!!!', 'the riches doomed earth…and now they want to leave earth…capitalism at its finest…👏👏👏👏👏👏', "I ran into Ron vaux today\n\nHe told me he was sorry and gave me a hug.\n\nIs Ron T sorry?\n\nIs Ron T single?\n\nNo I don't want to marry him if he is.\n\nI want a man to care about me.\n\nI want a man to be my friend not my simp.", 'rule no. 1 for any species - don’t ruin your own nest - enter humans :/', 'We stop even trying to change anything at this point and embrace the horror', "Earth's cycling has nothing to do with us", 'Welp, Project Varitas was right again! CNN is pushing the agenda they said they would.', 'What b s...the fires are caused by a combo of things...drought..neglect as in not having the money to pay the forestry service to clean out the under brush...but to try and tie this to that is totally bad science ....no one word of proof ..just take their word for it', 'Gavin gets in trouble, your town gets burned. Science.', 'Sorry, but as a young person, I refuse to take a responsibility and be blamed for this. The politicians in charge of the world should be blamed and take responsibility, not us the regular citizens.', "Good luck getting Saudi Arabia,Iraq, Kuwait,the United States,Canada,and any other countries that have oil from still continuing to drill for it.It makes them too much money and human nature is that we will not do something until it's too late.", 'Why CNN is not covering the Cuomo scandal? CNN is pathetic', 'Permian basin finally made on national news 👏👏', 'Pretty much looks like we won’t be doing much about climate change at this point but for the disaster response. It’s starting to remind me of Easter Island.', 'The government has the power to control weather and they do completely nothing when it’s needed the most.', '"Fear sells."\n\n-CNN Technical Director', 'While I don’t like the government of China, at least they’ve decided to take this serious. They are not a silly and divided people like us with no foresight', 'The warning from NASA was in 1958, not 30 years ago.', "Oh, wow! So, with this new report I think we can ALL agree that China's contribution to reducing carbon emissions needs to be in lock-step with the rest of the world,, rather than allowing them to continue to build their factories and omit as much waste as possible until 2030 when their reduction is supposed to start happening per the terms of the Paris Agreement. Even though they're such a trust worthy country who I am sure will uphold their end of the bargain come 2030, why wait?! This is of the utmost urgency!", 'There.  Is.    No.   Such.   Thing.    As.\nClimate.    Change.', 'Half the people here including ME did nothing because it was just too much damn work or I wasn’t going to make enough money now we’re gonna burn and we deserve it', "Where's Fredo?\nWasn't it a conflict of interest that your anchor was helping his creep brother lie?", 'I bet if we throw trillions of dollars at it and tax everyone into oblivion that will fix it!!', 'Forest management', 'Maybe the experts will be wrong yet again:\n\nhttps://www.aei.org/carpe-diem/18-spectacularly-wrong-predictions-made-around-the-time-of-first-earth-day-in-1970-expect-more-this-year-3/', "The facts are nothing will change.   China, India, Russia and many more won't do anything so enjoy yourself as much as you can while you can", "Don't worry everyone. I'm doing my part and eating a flatulent cow for dinner. Together we will overcome!", 'God will soon “bring to ruin those ruining the earth”. You’ve earned it and you know who you are.', "I don't think we deserve to live if mankind truly caused this global meltdown", 'I am 51\nI have never kissed a guy\nI am having my breast removed\n\nLife is so unbelievably difficult right now.\n\nFighting breast cancer while you believe everyone is lying to you.\n\nI want to know everything is going to be okay, NOW!\n\nI want to know I will have honest friends in the future.', 'Thought this was a news channel! This isn’t news, everyone with common sense and the ability of independent thought has know this for years, decades even!', "Hey California how's your forest management going?", 'The sky is falling. The sky is falling. A boy saw a wolf. Then he saw another wolf.', 'Hey Chris Cuomo.   Are you proud of your creepy brother now?', 'Hot summers and forest fires prove nothing', 'I like how they didn’t say one word about China or India', "The beginning of the end was happening fifty years ago when I was born.  Nothing has been done, and now the planet is already burning up in my lifetime.  I did not think it would happen while I still lived, my fear was for the generation(s) after.  If you think anything is going to change what happens now, I'm sorry to tell you that it won't.", 'Let invest in space and move out', "Even the Eskimos are saying 'it just isn't as cold as it used to be around here'", 'Als ob CNN je etwas durchgeben *könnte* oder gar *würde,* das man als Journalismus bezeichnen könnte!', 'Is this why I rejoined  "The Parrots Climbing Cords Agreement".', "Oh lawdy we're all gonna cook! Maybe CNN should stop blowing out so much hot air.", 'The Train is Running down hill with no Breaks and their still selling tickets to get on. To little too late. Now Blaming Cow Farts !!!!!', 'Lets all argue with each other and do nothing', 'Interesting…. Those leaked tapes of a cnn reporter say they’re going to start focusing more on global warming propaganda. And here we are', 'PROPAGANDA', "Game over 🎮 there's nothing we can do at this point.", 'Bottom line, no beating around the bushes, too many of human species on this planet. Time to cull the herd, too much mediocrity.', 'Sounds like Siberia should be nice in a couple hundred years.', 'lol well maybe the tree huggers need to realize that cleaning of our forests and floors would also stop a majority of these large fires. But no! we can not allow it because they are going to use the dead trees and overgrown areas for paper or logs. I love my forests, yet common sense is lost in so many on the left.', 'What kind of weird speaking style is this?!!', 'Stop manipulatingvthe weather', 'The entire western world can cut emissions to zero a thousand times over if China doesn’t follow along.', 'Yet they keep catching arsonists setting the fires. But hey, im sure a conglomeration of other countries has our best interests in mind...', "more fake news. surprise it's from CNN.", 'CNN is a joke', 'BS if its coming from the UN', "Blah, blah, blah... It means nothing to the wealthy, they have underground bunkers and options. It's a poor person problem.", "They'll make regular people follow the rules. Then the elites will do whatever they want saying it's necessary for them because they are changing the world and saying it's a better place. If people actually believed in climate change then they wouldn't be using transportation except horses and bikes. Batteries for electric cars? Besides 100 years of data doesn't give enough to compare over from the beginnings of Earth.", 'Why are people neglecting climate change ?', 'In 9 years it’ll be the start of the 3rd day… Jesus will be returning as the said He would… the day and hour remains unknown', 'Gas is nearly 3 bucks and no one is complaining about that..5, 10, 20 a gallon.', 'MSM- When they’re not outright lying, they’re lying by omission. Still lies. We’ve learned to look for truth elsewhere. Americans aren’t stupid.', 'KARMA red gold & green', 'The boy who cried wolf...  I wonder if Obama knew all this when he spent 12M on oceanfront property???  Stop listening to what all these idiots spout and start paying attention to what they are doing.', 'Democrats starting the fires just like last year', 'This is one of the reasons I never had children. Why would anyone want their kids to live through such a tragedy?', 'This is a horrible sound edit job', 'Bullishit', 'Oh is cnn finally deciding to cover the climate crisis? Thanks for all the years of highlighting this issue.', '.........\r\nIn the video, Chester states that the “Covid-19 story should be coming to an end”, and that CNN is prepared to focus on “selling” the climate change story and promote “fear”. ............', 'natural', 'Is CNN being bought out by uk? Hire us born people please', "And y'all worry about a virus with a 99.9% survival rate 😂😂😂🙄", 'The Amazon got a Brazilian... no wonder the climates changing', 'With any luck it will clean out california first.', 'Will China cut their pollution? What about India?', 'Move away from meat consumption. Would help a lot. Not only with emissions, but pandemics.', 'Right now we are in natural selection event', "How convenient then that PG&E refuses to maintain its electrical grid equipment, equipment that has been officially identified as starting multiple raging forest fires in California over a number of past years.  This year PG&E stated publicly that its equipment could have been what started the Dixie Fire.  PG&E's unmaintained equipment also started the Paradise fire which killed 84 people.  Does the state of California take back the public utility from this profit making corporation?  No.  Is this because BlackRock and the Vanguard Group are majority shareholders in PG&E?  Is it because these forest fires produce video images that the UN can use to constantly suggest that humanity needs to stop driving cars, stop eating meat, stop traveling in general, and more?  Why is it that the US military and other militaries around the world are never identified as huge consumers of fossil fuels?  The US military is the largest consumer of fossil fuels in the world.  Humanity needs to lose any freedom it may still have to stop climate change but heaven forbid the colossally profitable war machine be restricted in any way.  Why is it that the UN constantly propagandizes about climate change but never mentions the mind bending level of pollution caused by corporate profit seeking?  Oh gee, I don't know.", 'More propaganda..earth is shifting period and ppl creating threats to push there narratives.', 'Great job covering the Ella French story, CNN', 'More lies from lying liars who lie all the time.', 'How about doing a report on GEOENGINEERING?', 'Who cares', '"Let your Kingdom come. Let your will take place, as in heaven, also on earth." (Matthew 6:10)', 'Coming from the same news network that brought us 2 years of Russian collusion.  CNN your have no credibility.', "It's way too late. You can't stop this now. All of us are responsible for this. It will get worse then what this guy says. Thanks to us. our kids and their grandkids will suffer and die because we are a bunch of spoiled little brats", 'This is so bloody depressing, but what is worse are all the people denying this is happening.', 'lol Climate always changes from winter to summer morons!..   ^_^', 'happy that Obama could fly all his friends to smoke weed at Marthas vineyard', "people aren't willing to make the necessary sacrifices, including I. How can you and stay abreast with modern times?", 'Bruh please', 'We humans, if we keep going like this we will all go.\nWe are like really bad parasites for the planet, and mother earth’s inmune system just kicked in.', 'Is this why they are charging 10 cents a plastic bag now?', 'Conservatives: covid is no big deal. Climate change also no big deal.', 'Oh boy here comes the conspiracy propaganda deniers.', 'U.n is a joke', 'What happens if us humans no longer put greenhouse gasses in to atmosphere ?', 'If people are truly serious about reducing carbon emissions, why is no one advocating for nuclear fission/fusion???', 'Homo sapiens sapiens vous êtes PRESENTEMENT primitif vous ne savez faire que beaucoup mais beaucoup de photocopies car votre COSMO PRESENTEMENT PRIMITIF votre UNIVERSE PRESENTEMENT PRIMITIF et votre INFINITE PRESENTEMENT PRIMITIF se limitent à faire seconde après seconde SEULEMENT autant de photocopies... un peu désolé 10.08.2021 par mauro stocovaz\n\nHomo sapiens sapiens you are PRESENTLY primitive you only know how to make many but many photocopies as your PRESENTLY PRIMITIVE COSMO your PRESENTLY PRIMITIVE UNIVERSE and your PRESENTLY PRIMITIVE INFINITE limit themselves to making second after second ONLY so many photocopies...I am a little sorry 10.08.2021 by mauro stocovaz', 'The Earth is a Beautiful Place but It has a Disease called Man.', 'Get the US out of the UN.', 'Charlie Chester said this would be the next big push on CNN.', 'More fake news.', 'Oh stop it. Talk to China!', 'so what', 'Dammit thought we had till 2050. Withdrawing my 401k n IRA since my generation ain’t gonna make it. Thanks boomers', 'Humanity is doomed. We will all die.', 'Oh good. UN is here to tell me what I knew.', '🤔', 'Fear p0rn', 'What a joke we are . Sumerian tablets talk about annunaki having the same problem . Yet we learn nothing', 'So is pg&e another name for climate change?', 'Wild fires or bad land management', 'More liberal lies go away', 'Pretty soon the lungs of this world will be gone, HOW WILL YOU BREATHE THEN???💯💯💯💯\nWAKE UP WORLD!!!!\n⚔🗽⚖🗽⚔', "Let's start with China", "There's a couple nuclear bombs buried in the ice under Greenland from an aircraft accident. Eventually they're going to pop out", 'Lmao 👌', "When has the Earth's climate not changed?", 'I get the impression that these climate nuts have never flown in a plane before.\nIf you do. You would understand that this is all nonsense.', 'More lies.', 'The fires are a result of mismanagement of forests by democrats', 'u.n.  hahahahahahahahaah A JOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NEVER DONE A THING BUT TALK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', "the earth is just repositioning it's self. it will live!", 'Hell let’s up everyone’s taxes that should help.', 'Defund the poor!!!', 'And nothing is going to be done about this. Money is more important sadly!', 'FUKU Sheeple', 'We will be just as fine they were saying the same thing back in the early 80s we only had 10 years left... Back when the dinosaur existed And life was flourishing we had no ice caps on either pole..Life will go on either way . With or without us..So live your life and try to do your the best To help the environment and wildlife no need to go overboard technology needs to catch up first...', 'Man is destroying the earth bringing about the apocalypse', "They destroy our lives, so we should destroy everything they have. - Not the people who haven't that much are responsible for what happening. It's the people they have everything and never care about anything else than themselves.", 'We have been manipulating the weather for decades. So long, in fact, that natural weather patterns have been destroyed.', '🚨Here comes the climate narrative for climate lockdowns!🔥', 'This report has been 8 years in the making and is written by hundreds of the top experts with all of the latest science and evidence. It is a monumental science achievement.  Will anybody listen?', "We are all complicit in this, and we won't stop until the devil is at our door.", 'so what go live with the amish', 'Get rid of 100% of greenhouse gases LMAO. You people are so crazy!', "The big elephant in the room has been trying to get our attention for many years. What will it take for humans to give up killing and eating other animals? For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. G'bye humans.", "Want to clean up the environment?  Get China to clean up its act.  Don't believe me?  Go to China and see for yourself.  WAY more polluted than the US.  We can spend all the money we want here in the US and it won't make any difference because China does not give a darn.", 'How many times to these people have to be wrong before others realize this all BS?', 'Humans don’t balance with nature, they consume it. You better start drafting these lazy millennials and Gen X’s to help put these global fires out. It’s gonna a lot worse trying to turn scorched earth into farmland…', 'Jeff Bezos is so worried about it he burns a tonne of fuel to go to space for a laugh….Climate alarmists will still buy from Amazon though.\nObama is so worried, he bought a multi million $ mansion on the Seafront.🙄', 'Time to invest in every company that’s making electric things;)', 'Shush even if this is true I no longer believe anything CNN says anymore!!!', 'Wrong: "Fossil fuels need to be abolished before they destroy the planet."\r\n\r\nRight: "Fossil fuels need to be abolished before they cause the extinction of the human species."\r\n\r\nWrong: "There is still hope for mitigation but we need to act soon."\r\n\r\nRight: "There is no hope for human survival unless we act NOW. Stop this interview and act RIGHT NOW."', "Pamela brown \n\nConservatives believe not all discrimination is wrong.\n\nJehovah's Witnesses can discriminate in who their members are.", 'Hausgemacht', 'A stable genius once said: Raking the forest would minimize wildfires...', 'Unless the rest of the world buys into change what the u.s does means nothing', 'The solution will inevitably involve enslaving the human race I’m sure. Then maybe later it’ll involve some selective genocide…', 'HOUSES   BURNED  DOWN     BUT  TREES   ARE  OK   ???   MMMMMM????   WHAT  THE / UCK', 'YOU WANT VAXX PASSPORTS BUT NO VOTER I.D.--   SEE HOW STUPID THAT SOUNDS', 'Meanwhile in China.....', 'The U.N. giving climate advice........what a freaking joke!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 They have never been truthful about anything.', 'Imagine how much greenhouse gasses could be cut by banning private jets for everyone to include celebrities and government officials.', 'PAN-DEM-IC = DEM-PANIC'], ['"There should be a zero tolerance policy when it comes to sexual harassment & must send a clear message that this behavior is not tolerated" -Andrew Cuomo', '“Believe all women,” LOL!', 'This is cute… CNN pretending to be a news organization by now attacking their darling Cuomo.  🤣.', 'Where\'s Fredo on all of this: Cuomo ‘kissed me, hugged me, groped me’ after Fredo encouraged him to do it: "you\'re single and ready to mingle"', 'I’m old enough to remember you libs touting this guy as a future President and bought his book on leadership because CNN told you he was great……', 'No conspiracy theory here : not even CNN and his brother could save him now', 'CNN where is the reporting of Obama’s party where they didn’t wear masks? Ok for Democrats is it?', 'Amazing how when there is a Democrat accused, people are quick to defend their actions. If Cuomo was a Republican, he would have been thrown to the wolves already. Look what they did to Kavanaugh.', 'Remember when CNN was proclaiming Gov. Cuomo as the most eligible bachelor in America.', 'Glavin added “If you don’t believe me, just ask your employee, Chris Cuomo!”', "POLITICIANS think there untouchable.\n     It's time we the people prove that wrong.\n     REPUBLICAN or DEMOCRATS politicians are NOT above the LAW.", 'Remember when Creepy Joe Biden called Cuomo the “gold standard”?   LOL...!!!', 'Your defending your client by blaming the victim that’s how.', 'What if the "Victim" "IS" lying. Wouldn\'t that make him the "victim", The "Victim" you are now blaming. Maybe should all wait till after the investigation before we start pointing fingers?', 'CNN hasn’t been this confused since Michael Avenatti', 'CNN continuously lies... so often it\'s by "omission."  That\'s precisely what they\'re doing here... yet again.  It\'s hard to believe their tagline used to be "CNN, the most trusted name in news."  \n"The media is not your friend."  -- Chris Cuomo  2020', "Remember when the experts all held him as the gold standard? Now he's only a distraction from the sheer incompetence of the Biden administration.", '"Victim blaming"??? That lawyer should have said, "Well, I can\'t be \'victim blaming\' because, as far as the law is concerned, right now there isn\'t a victim, because right now no crime is proven to have taken place. At most what you can call what I\'m doing \'accuser blaming\', and I\'m not even doing that. I\'m saying my client is innocent of these charges, which is what his lawyer is supposed to do. I\'m not here trying to correct or make up for any historical wrongs done to other victims of sexual abuse; I am not here to make sure future victims of sex crimes feel comfortable coming forward. I am here to protect my client, and ONLY to protect my client. Period."', 'CNN should replay this entire interview from start to finish because this was a knock-down, belly up, drag out war between these two ladies. It was beautiful to watch!!', 'Wasn\'t CNN pushing him as "The Love Gov, single and ready to mingle?" last year? 🤔', 'She has lied in the past says the lawyer 😂', 'I want more game shows (that means more seasons of The Price is Right and Jeopardy)', 'You know what they say, where there’s smoke, there’s fire.', 'This is all a distraction from his nursing home scandal.', '“Believe ALL Women!”\nOr, has that gone the way of “Our Bodies, Our Choice!”?\nUnprincipled hypocrites, the lot of you.', "Cnn helping the criminal..Where's Fredo at? I want to see him come out of the basement again.. Now this is comedy..🤣", 'I guess Metoo doesn’t count to democrats', '"She was only at the mansion once in November when she said he groped her, and that was only for a short amount of time, so she must be lying."\n\nEvery woman who\'s ever been on a busy train knows it literally takes a second to be groped. \nThis lawyer is terrible.', 'The CNN "journalists" have received their marching orders!   They\'re all such an insult to the profession.', 'He must be prosecuted for the deaths of the seniors and his brother Chris must be charged as an accessory to hide the crime.', 'LOL. "How is it victim blaming when I am defending my client?" Game. Set. Match.', 'Isn’t this the same thing they say he always does, aim to discredit? Remember Ron Kim and how was going to feel “his wrath”?', 'Gov Cuomo just resigned this morning. All news channels reporting on YouTube EXCEPT CNN. 😂😂😂', 'IN THE WORDS OF GOVERNOR CUOMO “WOMEN SHOULD BE BELIEVED”', 'Hey CNN, your presidential material Cuomo just experienced the agony of defeat.....LOL.', 'CNN has lost all credibility!!\nChris should be fired! Hey hey ho ho the Cuomo brothers have got to go!!', "All accountability has to start with ourselves, even for us to understand when other people are just plainly bullying us OR actually mean it. But everybody tends to live unware that we might incite or play with others' obvious vulnerability, positive that it's only others who will ever play with us. There's no accountability otherwise. None of us is perfect or immune to others.", "I'm more concerned on faucci owning a  literal baby chop shop down in Pittsburgh than Cuomo rn. Look up the university of Pittsburgh and planned parenthood", 'The entire ethos of Democrats is perfectly summed up by Meryl Streep addressing Harvey Weinstein as God', 'This defense: i did it for years, i did it to everyone, i did not know it was wrong for me to grobe women,.\nHis parents forgot to to tell him, to keep his hands and lips to himself.\nBut atleast he still got his mother.', 'Hahahahahahaha this is what the left/dems does when they are in power, not the first time 😉😂', "If that's all it takes to be a lawyer, I guess I've got what it takes to lawyer. My goodness, I can't believe that she's been paid more for that appearance than I likely make in a year.", 'Fake News Network:  More libtard cannibalism?\nMe: Yes please!!', '"Come on, man, it was just two fingers."  -  Joe Biden', 'Translation  : George  soros,  has decided  to install a new governor..', 'Damn these CNN pundits are out to lunch.', 'Cuomo\'s lawyer: "There was evidence that was provided...about potential motives for her to have made that claim. But I\'m not going to get into that." Why not? You can\'t say what the motives were? It\'s a secret?', 'When is CNN going to fire Chris Cuomo.', 'CNN, why not post the full interview? 4 minutes is way too short on such an important issue.', 'I’m sure he resigned because he had nothing to hide.', 'Funny how you want to talk about it now CNN yet before you were up his butt🙄you all are such a disgrace🤬', 'And this is where our taxpayers money is going... to pay for his legal defense? 🤔', "All this proofs is he's guilty", "Oh... don't we love to see the main steam media dying slowly because the people are waking up😍", 'Same old stuff, \'She\'s a liar because he\'s a liberal". When have I heard this slow pitch style interview before?', 'Y’all goin’ after Biden next? \nW…what happened to MeToo? \nHis victims matter.', "CNN has very poor reporters and hoss don't know how to ask and respond questions.This lawyer is a toughie.", "I keep going back to Kavanaugh's hearing....and he had only one allegation.", 'They should have had Chris Cuomo cover this for the lols.', 'Yet toobin is just fine...ugh', '"Is that all you have to say?" 😭😂', 'Seems like Moe szyslak is in more trouble than he bargained for😂😂😂', 'Weird how CNN will investigate the accusers against Cuomo with a fine tooth comb... But then they automatically start with propaganda when a conservative/republican in the same position without any questions about it..', 'It doesn\'t seem that long ago Gov."Touchy Feely" was crying out against  President Trump and Judge Gorsege about the very thing he\'s being accused off.', 'CNN has so much egg on their face right now with the Cuomo brothers.', 'I like to see Cuomo defend his brother instead of other journalist doing it. That way, you can hit 2 birds with 1 stone.', 'Killing grannys and grabbing Fanny’s', '"Sexual assault for me, but not for thee"', 'in no way defending cuomo but denying is not victim blaming. victim blaming is saying “i did but it’s her fault because xyz”', 'Joe Biden and Gov Cuomo both have "Touchy, Touchy" loose hands. They both need to be prosecuted', "What's the world coming to when a guy can't even flirt with women anymore!??... women do it everyday and get away with it. I guess it's just part of the bigger picture of degenerate leftist thanking and hypocrisy.", 'Typical democrat they are all strange \n\nEven in the UK we can see it', 'She knows this is all a lost fight for who she is representing.', "Democrats are taking mad L's bro.\nI hope the smooth brains will finally wake up how ridiculous CNN is.", 'U guys remember when they had matt gates lawyer on and never interrupted him. Then only air 4 minutes when they basically did nothing but make him look good lol me either', "Please try to remember that Democrat Cory Bush's life is more important than mine , yours or your children's. These are her words.  Good job Missouri !!! Relect Representative Bush!!", 'Since when is it easier to escape sexual harassment in the workplace by creating a scandal then simply finding another job? Everyone wants to be famous these days.', '"Believe all women... Except those ones!"', 'Imagine getting "news" from these hacks? Sad state of affairs...', 'He should count his blessings and just be happy that Biden and his DOJ are letting him get away with mass murder', "A new victim came forward on Friday - Cuomo's days are numbered.", 'Always a good sign when prior to your lawyer talking, she downs a bud draft!', 'When yall going put DeShawn Watson feet to the fire.  he has 23 , 25 women accused him #BelieveAllWomen am I right !', 'If he’s guilty then definitely hold him accountable but I find the timing extremely suspicious.', 'Did ya ever notice there’s no comments when the democratic bullshit fly’s', '“A TRUE WARRIOR, like tea, shows his STRENGTH in hot water.”\n\n- (Heart of a Warrior 💛)\n\nEzekiel 33:6\xa0\n"But if the WATCHMAN (Me 👀) sees the sword coming and FAILS TO BLOW THE HORN TO WARN THE PEOPLE, and the sword comes and takes away a life, then that one will be taken away in his iniquity, but I will hold the WATCHMAN ACCOUNTABLE for his blood."\n\nJohn 15\n"This is MY COMMANDMENT, That ye LOVE one another, as I have loved you!"\n\n"Greater LOVE hath no man than this, that a man LAY DOWN HIS LIFE FOR HIS FRIENDS!"\n\n"Ye are my FRIENDS, if ye DO whatsoever I command you."\n\n"Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth NOT what his Lord doeth: but I have called you FRIENDS! For ALL things that I have heard of my Father I have MADE KNOWN unto you!"\n\n"Ye have not chosen me, but I have CHOSEN YOU, AND ORDAINED YOU, that ye should go and bring forth Fruit, and\xa0that\xa0your Fruit should REMAIN! That WHATSOEVER ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you!"\n\nLuke 12\n"And be like men that WAIT for their Lord, when HE WILL RETURN FROM THE WEDDING (Wedding Feast of the Lamb: First Raptured), that when he cometh and knocketh, they may open unto him IMMEDIATELY!!!"\n\n"BLESSED\xa0are\xa0those servants, whom the Lord when he cometh SHALL FIND WATCHING! Verily I say unto you, that he shall gird himself, and make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them."\n\n"And if he shall come in the SECOND WATCH, or come in the THIRD WATCH, and find\xa0them\xa0so, BLESSED are those servants!"\n\n"And know this... That if the GOODMAN of the house had known what hour the thief would come, HE WOULD HAVE WATCHED, and NOT have suffered his house to be BROKEN through (Family Separated)!"\n\n"Be ye therefore READY also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not."\n\n"BLESSED... \xa0Is\xa0that servant, whom his lord when he cometh shall find so DOING!"\n\n"Truly, I say to you...\xa0 I will make him RULER (Me 👑... And maybe you.) over ALL that he has."\n\n"And a servant WHO KNOWS what the MASTER\'S WILL is, but ISN\'T PREPARED AND DOESN\'T CARRY OUT THOSE INSTRUCTIONS, WILL BE SEVERELY PUNISHED!!!" (And now you know...😎)\n\n"You hypocrites! You know how to interpret the appearance of Earth and sky, but why do you not know how to interpret this present time!?!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/CuS-pdZ9oOU', "2.50 edit out the lawyers response and move to next charge. What is CNN's game plan? Cuomo down Newsom next?", 'CNN is being biased here. It is not their job to make conclusion. Thump up for this lawyer, she is good.', "I normally can't stand CNN's coverage because it's usually so biased to the Left, but this was a good interview", "CNN is hilarious. Just 2 posts on Cuomo this week and both only cover his denial. 🤣\nLike many decaying cable news networks, it's not so much that they LIE, as much as they IGNORE stories detrimental to their narrative - just like stupid Fox", 'Freeedooo, freeedooo, di algo, hermano pequeñín . Donde estás, Freeedooo!', "“You don't get it son... this isn't a mudhole... its an operating, and im the surgeon”", "Wow now cnn is acting like didn't cover for this dude", 'Rita Glavin has to earn her keep, reason enough to defend the maniacal Andrew Cuomo.', "I'm glad  we back to normalcy", 'Y’all still employing his brother lmao. Zero credibility, not like you had any to begin with', 'When asked if he would back Cuomos impeachment, President Biden responded: "My butts been wiped Jack!"', 'And like the stormy lawer.... you wanted this man to replace Trump 🤣', 'Lawyer trying to dismiss 2 out of 11 🤣 (2 still not convincing).', 'I wonder with no one watching Chris cuomo how long he will have a show?', "He's the reason Virginia could file her lawsuit against Prince Andrew..  he can't be that bad.", 'It is often a very hideous job to be a defense attorney! They have to do a very extensive job convincing themselves they are on the right side--regardless of reality.', 'The lawyer lies; the client lies.  Perfect team.  This is a page right out of Trump’s book.', 'The lawyer looks like that lady that helped David Sweat escape from the Clinton Correctional Facility.', 'Man this lawyer nailed this interview! Period', '"allegations" not "investigated facts". Yet apparently CNN has already passed judgment and their judgment "Woman dont lie!"', 'His lawyer basically redirects,intimidates and challenges.  All charges were sidestepped. She forces witnesses to expose themselves more.', 'YouTube can’t remove videos fast enough to keep up with the lies they are pushing on MSM !', "Hey CNN, I see you have ZERO coverage of the police officer shot and killed in Chicago during a traffic stop with her partner in critical condition. Why is that? That's 30 officers shot at this year alone in that city alone? Let me guess, their lives don't matter? It doesn't fit in to your coverage, does it. Why is that?", 'CNN is the even better then the Cartoon Network ! I love watching the channel for entertainment purposes :)', "remember - if it's on cnn it's a dirty lie", 'CNN covering for "Fredo im shmart"\'s sexual preditor brother.', 'Any report or investigation which does not give the accuser an opportunity to cross examine evidence and testimony is cuestionable. Anyone can come up with an accusation against somebody and show some evidence but if the accuser down not have a chance to cuestión or challenge that evidence then it’s unfair', 'stelter said the coverage here on the cuomos has been extra tough.  what coverage?', '💕🇺🇸 LISTEN TO THE WOMEN 💕🇺🇸', 'I bet you all bragging rights that this statement is going to age poorly', 'For him to still defend, are we missing something?', 'Can we agree that "Accusing the victim of lying" is not "victim blaming" . \nShifting the blame of what happened on the victim is!', 'this is starting to sound like cuomo is guilty until proven innocent', 'CNN loved Cuomo when they were able to cover this up', 'BELIEVE ALL WOMEN!!!!!!!!', 'Cuomo save your pride if you still has it, step down with dignity. 😂😂😂', "Cuomo and cnn say beleive all women... I'm so confused here", 'This is like playing pin the tail on the donkey 🤦\u200d♂️', 'Dems leaders are now\n the ones being hunted', 'I hope cuomo survive the false allegations,even trump survived true allegations of  13women.', 'Is Chris hiding out at his Hamptons house?  While his brother is on TV re-signing. The Cuomo dynasty in my beloved State is finally over!! 🍾🍾🥂🍾🍾🥂', '2 Thessalonians 1:7-8(KJV) And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,\nIn flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:', "what if the pizzas were baked?  i'm gonna look like such a fool in front of my family friends and neighbors and worse god", "Bill Maher's recent upload of what the U.S. Congress is all about, was kinda interesting ... 🌱🐛☯️ I truely hope a real Employer with Honest Integrity hires the young lady and former Walmart employee. -2021", "''When you're a star, they let you do it.''", "Huh, fires back? It's hard to defend a  sex predator. Essentially when there's 10 - 11 charging against him.  Just coming on strong is no defense.   He's creepy 😳 and we all know it. The guesting is  the DOJ going to do something about it or let him walk again, like the nursing home scandal. 🏡", 'Far worse things have happen in the Oval Office.', 'I AM HOLDING on to Sanity while those calling me insane continue to help it become worse, as "we" hold their opinions, lovingly, within us still.  \n\nThis is what happens to a child that has to compete for love its whole life with the ones calling it FAM. \n\nOur love became toxic.\n\nWe are helping others see it as we did when we did see it in us, also, now.\n\nI\'m not angry with you and these words are happy to be free from that box you saw in me. \n\nWe would never want to do that to you as boxes do not let you grow up when we don\'t outgrow, at least a few.  \n\nThat is the nicest thing we may do, as it is part of the learning process that gives degrees to you.', "Isn't he accused of nursing home deaths?", 'I love it when the #MeToo is viciously and systematically dismantled by a woman. When it suits the Left 😂', 'Cuomo will become even more popular after being cleared, as did Bill Clinton.', 'I want end of universe to happen after Helpsophiaisflirtingmeillion milleniums (All people are right,Gandy is wrong)', 'Evidence is never released during an ongoing investigation, the person being investigated has no rights to it until actual charges are filed, once THAT happens, they have the right to all of it.', "What's up CNN. Nearly all weekend. A day ago. 3 days ago. A week ago. Hidding in the gutter. What will we do now. Brainstorming. Tell us masters. What now.", "This attorney is Governor Como's lover hahahahaha", 'Why is it so hard for Cuomo to step down?', 'Hey CNN. Did you send that money to Kelly and her "3" kids in Las Vegas? You got played. Serves you right. 🤣🤣🤣🤡', 'I have never seen Brinken laugh, which shows that he also has psychological pressure to say these inverted black and white words. People know right and wrong deep in their hearts. I also feel sorry for him. He had a very painful life and lied all his life.', 'How is it blaming the victim by definending my client lmao', '"It\'s okay\xa0Charlie... I got an angle. Call the first witness!!!"\n\n- Captain Sternn (Jesus Christ)\n\nRevelation 1:5\n“And from Jesus Christ,\xa0who is\xa0the FAITHFUL WITNESS,\xa0and\xa0the FIRST BEGOTTEN OF THE DEAD, and the PRINCE of the KING\'S (Me 👑) of the Earth. Unto him that LOVED US, and WASHED US FROM OUR SINS in his own blood.”\n\nMatthew 6:10\n“THY KINGDOM COME!!! THY WILL BE DONE IN EARTH... AS \xa0IT IS \xa0IN HEAVEN!”\n\nJames 1:22\n“But BE YE DOERS of the word, and NOT HEARERS only, DECEIVING your own selves!”\n\n1 Corinthians 3\n"EVERY MAN\'S WORK shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall TRY EVERY MAN\'S WORK of what sort it is."\n\n"If any man\'s work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward."\n\n"If any man\'s work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire."\n\n"Know ye not that ye are the TEMPLE OF GOD, and\xa0that\xa0the Spirit of God dwelleth IN YOU!"\n\n"If any man defile the Temple of God, him shall God DESTROY; for the Temple of God is HOLY, which Temple\xa0ye are."\n\n"Let NO MAN DECEIVE HIMSELF. If any man among you seemeth to be Wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be Wise."\n\n"For the wisdom of this world is FOOLISHNESS with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness!"\n\n1 Corinthians 6:20\n“For ye are BOUGHT WITH A PRICE: THEREFORE GLORIFY GOD in your body, and in your Spirit, which are God\'s!!!”\n\nRevelation 12:10\n“And I heard a LOUD VOICE saying in Heaven... NOW IS COME SALVATION, AND STRENGTH, AND THE KINGDOM OF OUR GOD, AND THE POWER OF HIS CHRIST!!! For the accuser (Satan) of our brethren is CAST DOWN, which accused them before our God day and night!”\n\nhttps://youtu.be/Lqsg1RE6Jag', 'The real question is when will he be brought up on homicide charges?!?', "How do the women at CNN feel about Chris Cuomos part in helping his brother cover up the story?\nOh, nevermind, I forgot you're not allowed to talk about it.", 'DISGUSTING - Can you imagine a report like this being determined by the AG in Texas or Florida?', 'Fox News is now more credible than CNN at this point….', 'So first off, I think the accusations about Cuomo are quite detailed, extensive and compelling at this point. It’s really hard to see how he can (or should) hold on to his job right now. \n\nWith that said, this CNN host didn’t do a great job on the “victim blaming” point. The lawyer is totally right, it’s her job to defend her client. It’s her job to say “these accusations are inaccurate/unfounded because ...”. That’s literally the foundation of the process - the other side gets a say. I’d hope that anyone that was going to publicly come out with those allegations would be made aware that Cuomo’s side would argue against these accusations and that accusers would likely have to substantiate their claims - indeed that’s obviously a reason why so few victims ever DO come forward with accusations like these. \n\nIs it right? Maybe not, but we sure as shit don’t have a better system right now. Regardless though, throwing around terms like “victim blaming” helps nobody - especially when they’re inaccurately deployed and thrown around as topical buzzwords. \n\nCNN - do better.', 'Biden assaulted Tara Reade. Silenced her. And now telling Cuomo to resign.  How do you feel about it ?', "Don't resign Gov Cuomo, NY stands by you", 'Gov Cuomo & his brother Fredo are the best examples of what it means to be a true man', "The fact that CNN is reporting on this at all just goes to show how little respect they have for journalism. They'll still look their viewers dead in the face and tell em they're an objective source too.", 'YouTube can’t remove videos fast enough to keep up with the lies they are pushing on MSM !', 'It takes a smarmy lawyer to stand up for the creep.', '*But its a Democrat, he has a media pass!*', 'Why would this woman say ANYTHING incriminating of him--His lawyer!', 'I thought it was illegal for a lawyer to discuss such details at length?', 'wow this was posted a day ago, did the network finally go out of business hopefully', 'CNN applying the same standards for the me-too movement to Cuomo as they did for Brett Kavanaugh.....Hilarious hypocrisy on full display.', 'Prison time for some prison karma.... get your knee pads out, Andy! Your brother is going down for the same types of  assaults on CNN subordinates too! They’re both going to prison.', "Coumo's lawyer Glavin just finished making outrageous and disparaging comments against Lindsey Boylan, and attacking everything else, while at the same time making LAME Excuses for Coumo's conduct. Blame the victims, and excuse the offender. Shame on both Cuomo and this bloody lawyer.", '🤨 "Is that all you have to say?"', "Stand your ground governor.  Make them prove it beyond a shadow of a doubt. During the time the governor was giving daily updates on the coronavirus, women were flirting with the governor asking him if he was married. It's strange that after he ignored that, suddenly the accusers come with allegations.", 'Hmmm.... Still haven\'t seen ANY CNN videos on Senator Otoniel "Tony" Navarrete', 'Now I love cnn but what they don’t realize is lawyers gon do her homework', 'How did that work out for ya?', "Haven't we learned anything from the Cosby case, just allegations, the me too movement, the ratings driven media, and public opinion may be enough to hurt someone's career, but not enough for a conviction to stick.", 'The election was a scam, you all are going to jail, wait for it', 'YES THEY ALL CAN BE LYING!!!!  SOME OF THESE WOMEN OUTCHEA NEEDS TO KNOW THAT THIS IS NOT A GAME-ALOT OF WOMEN HAVE REALLY BEEN RAPED AND SEXUALLY ASSAULTED!!!!! THIS IS DANGEROUS', 'Wow thousands die in nursing homes because of negligent decisions and the dems wanna roast the guy for a kiss. Distractions, deflections, same ole song and dance from dems and msm... 🤔', 'NOW CNN hold his brother accountable for the bias that he displayed while reporting about his brother the governor.  How he used his position to try to keep a sexual predator in office. You have done nothing', 'Hopefully one of these days, people will learn to report these sort of things sooner rather than later.', 'I love it when Democrats eat their own', 'this is hilarious,  2 females arguing about females lying, lol way too funny.  "i am strong, i\'m invincible, i am woman\'"  helen reddy 1971', 'Can’t we go back to the 80s and 90s when women desired men as much as men desired women? Is the only place ok to meet women is in a bar?', 'Democrats have a double standard  for themselves and this a perfect example, CNN has always adhered  to the democrat double standard  but this time they gave 4 minutes and now are silent on Cuomo because he is a democrat', 'Ask very gentle questions because you know who works at CNN.', 'something seems wrong here yes everyone who has been assault should come foward but something seems wrong here', 'Cuomo should just quit. It’s over.', "URGENTChicago  45' Folk's Shot in 24 hours.", 'After hearing botched and  misinformation from various investigators and also hearing from various other people who were in the mansion working saying "nothing was going on,  sorry! I believe something is wrong as well', 'I want all people to wake up at 7 am and go to bed at 11 pm from now on (with breaks)', "BELIEVE ALL WOMEN \nHAHAHAHA HAHAHA HAHAHA\n'THE LEFT IS TOTALLY INSANE.", "I didn't know Laurel Hubbard was representing Andrew Cuomo", 'Democrats are such hypocrites. I thought we were always supposed to believe the victim? CNN is helping to cover this up.', "Young lady you took it a little too personal! Everyone is innocent until proven guilty I can hear in your voice that the stain you have for the governor of New York give it a chance and what pisses me off is that you always cut off the person you're talking to! Not fair if you're a journalist then you know what you're supposed to do.", 'Fredo you broke my heart you broke my heart', "Lawyer or PR? Either way the Clinton defense won't work without CNN and the rest of the MSM supporting Cuomo.", 'She made good points in my opinion. Im not defending Cuomo but this interview kinda made me think not all of the 11 women are telling the truth, just hopping on the train towards compensation.', '(Reaches for the phone to call popcorn supplier on speed dial...)', 'He is guilty we all already know', 'What does Chris Cuomo have to say about this ? 🤔😂', "By it's very definition, it's a Defense Attorney's job to defend their client, it's what they are paid to do.", 'If this was Gov. Desantis from Florida...... CNN would be interviewing each woman (all 11) for HOURS...', 'Uh, if she was sexually assaulted, she still asked and wanted her job back? Ummm…', 'Cuomo sounds really honest and innocent. 🤣😂', 'Arrogance, ignorance, and apathy = so long, Governor Cuomo.', 'I hope CNN TAKES CARE OF THE POOR GOV COUMO & HIS BABY BROTHER FREDO FROM ALL OF THIS DISTRACTION', 'NO LIVES MATTER AND SATAN IS MY BOYFRIEND💕 BOTH SIDES COME AT ME', '"Just because she wants her job back it doesn\'t mean she\'s lying"... ummm...  that\'s exactly what it means. If that has happened to me I don\'t call the guy to take me back in and say it was a privilege to work with him, I go straight to HR and the police!! Secondly: first you have to be a victim that it would be called "victim shaming", this is just called "shaming them liars".', 'What come around goes around!!!', 'U just don’t fill out an application for employment at the governors office and get that job. There’s an old saying “ it’s not what you know but it’s who you know” and I’m sure that who you KNEW told u all you needed to  KNOW (NO) before you decided to take that job.', 'What about the nursing home executive order?', 'Innocent until PROVEN guilty and same goes for calling them “victims” if you’re lying about an alleged crime you’re hardly a victim.... one of our much loved actors nearly had his life and career ruined and was caused much pain from one of these little madams coming out of the woodwork years after the alleged sex, she waited until he became famous...funny that !', 'Admit that your a sinner This is where that godly sorrow leads to genuine repentance for sinning against the righteous God and there is a change of heart, we change our mind and God changes our hearts and regenerates us from the inside out. . Believe in your heart that Jesus Christ died for your sins, was buried, and that God raised Jesus from the dead. This is trusting with all of your heart that Jesus Christ is who he said he was. Call upon the name of the Lord. This is trusting with all of your heart that Jesus Christ is who he said he was. Every single person who ever lived since Adam will bend their knee and confess with their mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings. The rapture is all so imminent! Ezekiel 38 war is about to happen with Iran Turkey and Russia All ready in  Syria All of these prophecies have been told in scripture.', 'I want new schools, universities and colleges to appear and will be undestructible', 'Notice how CNN purposefully lowered the sound on this particular video. How convenient.', 'Look at CNN giving both sides a chance to hear their stories. Aw. How cute. It’s a shame you didn’t let Kavanaugh do the same. It’s also a shame you completely ruined the life of the accuser of joe Biden without a shred of evidence showing she lied.', 'Get the church lawyers they would have no problem getting rid of abuse allegations.', "I would like to encourage all of CNN's viewers to get vaccinated. Save yourself and your loved ones. You owe it to them.  Be inclusive.", 'IMAGINE THINKING NEWS FROM CNN IS LEGIT. JUST IMAGINE', 'Jesus commes    and this is how He looks like in your heart: Revelation 1 13 like a son of man, clothed with a long robe and with a golden sash around his chest. 14 The hairs of his head were white, like white wool, like snow. His eyes were like a flame of fire, 15 his feet were like burnished bronze, refined in a furnace, and his voice was like the roar of many waters. 16 In his right hand he held seven stars, from his mouth came a sharp two-edged sword, and his face was like the sun shining in full strength.  ( each time you look on Him and give Him a bigger size as universes as He is much bigger than all created things it gets hotter because of more light.) He forgave us 2000 years ago even future sins.( Israel had a goat to free for 1 year future sins so how much more worth is the blood of God.).   Muslems, Jews and Christians awaits Jesus( no one awaits Paul or Muhammad to comme from heaven for us)  In the begginning was the Word and it is the true God.( without the word was nothing made.. word like by computer. God gave earth to humans and humans gave earth to devil so God became flesh to redeem humanity while dying on cross and ressurrecting on third day as a firstfruit so we can becomme like Him God in flesh. (because of this we count time BC (before Christ) and AC (after Christ)  9r AD which is same  .: (under favourites list you find good preachings of others on my channel). Blessings dears and head up.', "I'll bet his lawyer is not well endowed. Or she would be on the other side of this.", 'CNN should have FREDO interview his brother 🤡🤡', "CNN for your integrity as a news network, isn't it time to fire Chris Cuomo for his role in the coverup of the sexual allegations of his brother the Gov?  It's time to fire Mr. White Privilege I think.", 'I call BS on these  accusations! WHY  do the Prosecutors REFUSE Disclosure!??    If only I could, I wanna work for Rita Glavin!! I would be a pit bull in researching!', 'Well done Craig Lowry on your Warcraft victory 👊', "I'm sorry that 🦁Ande Boy Cuomo's on the Chopping block tonight for Serious ETHICS Violations.  Unfortunately he forgot to Take a 1st Grade Ethics Course before He became Governor of New York State 🎃🎆🎀🎖", 'Their countering by going after Desantis.', 'He doesn’t have a leg to stand on!', 'If the earpiece was too loud and making it seem like Pamela was yelling, that would not have changed and so she would have kept thinking that...so when Pamela apologized for possibly yelling, the guest should have said, "You\'re still doing it!  You\'re still yelling!" but she didn\'t ...so it had nothing to do with the earpiece volume.', 'Let the dirt come out, liers.', "I'm waiting until all the facts are in.", 'It of to Jail we go. The best is yet to come!!', 'I stand with the law ..like i always have ...  let the law decide if hes guilty \n.until then hes done nothing ...if found guilty, i hope he get the full weight for lying aswell ...if innocent then i hope he goes to trail for the nursing home deaths', 'Where’s Fredo hiding?', 'Imagine your wife worked for Biden and then came home and told you he disrobed in front of her intentionally. \nYou good with that?', 'Dude… You’re screwed…', 'Ahh shit i bet 80% of these women didnt mind it, thats how you move up in the government positions.', 'Defense lawyers must sell their sole.', 'I was walking my dog earlier and wondered. Is there such a thing as a country music fan who wears a BIden Harris Tshirt?', 'Watch! I’ll show you something really cool... all I have to do is pray. Within a month CNN will go away.', 'I can’t wait for Andrew and Chris to go to jail this is gonna be awesome!', 'Fires back with what GUNS? or more lies WHICH IS IT? Coz if it isn’t with guns he’s just protected', 'Anyone see photos of Obamas birthday party?\n\nLooked like a lot of fun!  Hundreds in attendance.  In close proximity.  Without masks.  A potential "super spreader event?"\n\nNaah.  Couldn\'t be.', '🤔 Make it Make Sense! Why would you ask for your job back after you\'ve been "Allegedly" Sexually Harass Their\'s definitely More to this Story Give us the facts. We need the Entire Facts Let the People do their own investigation..', 'Democrats eating their own. Love it.', "CNN helping the Cuomo's. LOL", 'Where the Coverage on the Fallen Chicago Police officer?', 'Uhhh he’s busted. Quit trying to cover!', '“Every woman should be believed”.  Apparently that only applies to republicans.  Oh and how many women were interviewed?   And how much was spent on this?   And how much evidence?   But yes, please push back against the charges.  Cuomo has an ego the size of the ocean.', 'Love how CNN trying to white was fredo brother', 'Wow CNN allowing Cuomo an opportunity to defend his public image. Wonder why 🤔🤔🤔', 'Elite and sexual scandals are like peanut butter and jelly the go together perfectly.', 'What she is doing is disgusting but it’s her job she’s probably getting paid 1 million bucks to do this for this piece of garage Governor', 'I am, in a way, glad he’s fighting it.  I want predators dealt with, but I’m fed up with trial by media. Make the system work - court, impeachment, or acquittal.', 'You can’t tell two major lies and then expect people to believe the third story?  This is nothing more than a hit job.', 'Interesting case, let us see how it turns out.', 'CNN is more outraged at these supposed groping then nursing home fiasco! Killing 15,000 elderly is not news but telling someone if they like “older men” - outrage!!! 🤦\u200d♂️', 'I miss the old Cuomo Brothers Comedy Show on CNN . . .', "Well I'm glad she's not my lawyer", 'Omission.... CNN know plenty about that!', 'Is CNN ever going to cover the Chris Chan story?', 'Mee too.  Where is the check ???  \nReporter. Don’t you want your voice heard \nMe Too.  Where is the check you promise me .', "1:59 Rita, When someone quits due to 'toxic work environment' even WITHOUT Cuomo's wandering hands. Its still not a glowing report anyway.", "It is an ambush and when it's all over, they will discover these women are lying.", 'CNN just has zero credibility and it’s there own fault 🤡😂', 'I’m watching GUN SMOKE show … see ya ✌🏼', 'Hey, where’s Chris Cuomo? Taking a “vacation”? Never to be seen again hopefully. Just heard that old reruns of “Gunsmoke” beat Cuomo in his time slot! HAHAHAHA 😂', 'A female defense lawyer acting for her male client accused of sexual assault by women. This is going to be a very challenging fight for the 11 women.', "Also why cover a governor who has sex allegations or why try to protect him? What happens when it becomes true? Y'all gonna back track?", '"Defending oneself against accusations is not victim shaming." Well said. In legal proceedings the burden of proof is on the accuser, and the accused is innocent until proven guilty - Just a reminder for all the social justice warriors. It shouldn\'t suprise anyone that a woman who wants  to work in politics would have a political agenda, or, perhaps would look for a short cut to notoriety, or would want to use aggressive tactics to take down a opponent who\'s an obstacle in getting everything she desperately craves. Remember, NY politics is hardball.', "It's 2021... I don't know how any single people can even ask you anything anymore... Sexual Harassment is BS unless you tell the person you aren't interested....", "Let's all look at the shiny thing!!", "of course that's what democrats do ,try and blame or shame the other person.", 'No worries. Enough stuff to prosecute him on. Elderly covid death affair and abuse of power, for example. Really hope they after him for that as well, and do not throw all effort at the sexual harassment allegations alone.', '"I did it all for the nookie...the nookie."\n- Governor Andrew Cuomo', 'remember, i believe her, why not broadcast the same message', 'that poor lawyer looks like she needs some sleep', 'Anyone have a good email for CNN.  everyone i have tried that i found online will not go through.', "CNN's and Democrats Golden Boys!!\nRemember when fake news CNN was touting Cuomo and Avenatti for President  lol?", 'for the record: victim blaming would mean, yes she was harassed and somehow it was her fault', "Trump must be confused by the warm fuzzies of sympathy he's feeling for Cuomo right now.", 'Apparently sexual harassment is more important than killing 15,000 elderly?   I am so glad the people have their priorities right?!??   Old Lives Matter!', 'This mouth piece said he kind of did it but why did the victim wait so long to come out. She a real Hillary.', 'I think that CNN is a bit too keen to condemn. What happened to innocent until proven guilty? It is good that Cuomo has a lawyer of integrity. If he is guilty, he must pay the price. If not, politics in America has just hit a new low.', 'So what do you call 7 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean?  A good start..', 'i guess they will start discrediting each woman one by one accusing cuomo', 'Performing the Heimlich maneuver with a king-size Snickers in your pocket is NOT molestation. He genuinely believed all those women were choking on pretzels.', "It's a sign of jesus christs evil undead.😱", 'I like this Attorney!', 'There’s an alarming correlation between democrat politicians and sexual predation.', 'Who remembers "Believe all women"?', "Why is CNN's volume here on YT so low?\nIs this deliberate so you go to their website with all the ads? 😂", '*RIP ANDREW CUOMO CAREER* !!!!!!! hahahahah!', 'The irony of a female attorney', 'This whole Coumo is nothing but to remove Andrew from governorship to replace him by a republican governor who can pardon Trump', "I don't know if we can fully get to the truth on this. If he is guilty, he should pay, but I can't help having a feeling this could also be a Republican attack. That is generally how they go after Dems  is through sex scandals. I just don't know for sure. I wish we could get something concrete, one way or the other.", 'Cuomo resigned !', 'We love you governor!', 'Billy bob Clinton tried to deny it as well.', 'Put this democrat criminal in jail! Also biden needs to be investigated from the same reasons!', '"How is shaming the victim to defend your client?" Well, if you lie and say that she made everything up when she did not you are shaming her. I know you need to defend Cuomo, after all you are a lawyer and everyone knows you guys are not the purest professionals. You do your job which is to clear your client, it doesn\'t really matter to you whether he is innocent or not. But don\'t ask everyone else to to believe that you will not shame those women in order to win.', '...I think he have a 1st class Lawyer!', "No matter what.... New Yorkers will still vote for Cuomo any day over Rudy's son.", "If I had a neighbour ask me out on a date, that could make me very uncomfortable because I don't want to reject him.\n\nBut of course it is not a crime", 'The Lov Gov needs to Resign! Killin Grannies and Grabbin Fannies Coumo!', 'Deport him', 'Jesus, people. Seriously? Deal with and manage it. Welcome to humanity.', 'Why did Cuomo hire the Tony Soporanos’ psychiatrist?', "It's tough out there😫", "Usually Pamela Brown is really good at this stuff but she didn't do her research I guess. The attorney is just saying facts calmly.", 'Anyone else notice Kamala Harris real quiet now?', 'Poor Pamela Brown was not well served by her producer. She should not have been put in the position of being blindsided and arguing the case against a skilled defense attorney regardless of the merits of the case. There is another tape of this interview that shows Pamela fumbling for papers ...', "Its soooo funny when cnn gets a guest who won't go along with their script lmao   you know that cnn host was getting people screaming in her ear to cut this off or belittle her responses. We no longer have news reporting today. It died when Trump got into office. His ratings and the money he draws towards news stations makes them BEG for the boogeyman to come back. They miss drama soooooo much its sickening.", 'no videos posted for the officer slain in chicago. 29 years old leaves behind a 2 month old child. Biggest joke of a “news” station in this country', 'Lol the democrats crashing and burning 🤣🤣🤣', "If you're poor like me, and get raped like me, you get ignored by everyone. If you're rich, pretty and work in politics, everyone is fair game. Justice doesn't exist in this country.", '"Trump made me do it " \nCuomo having lunch with Prince Andrew at Hooter s.', 'CNN cannot put up a full interview because this FEMALE defense lawyer already grinded them.', "I'm sure people were paid to say they are lying", "Not for nothing folks, most of u want him to be guilty. It's that simple. Sometimes there are signs of flirtatious behaviour n signals get crossed. Some of these women see dollars signs over their heads with this. Some of these women might be telling the truth, but to act as if this is criminal is bullshit. No has heard the whole truth, so chill. The calling for someone's head b4 anything else is stupid.", 'Rita Glavin makes some good points.', "Watched his live this morning. I was surprised how much time CNN gave Cuomo's lawyer. It must have been at least 30 minutes.", 'The women who defend predators and abusers are ALSO complicit. 🤮', 'Grads on the victory Trump ! \nMore losers to fry', 'I want more trees and tall grass', 'I wrote the stories Disneyland uses for their theme park.\n\nWhat letter of what alphabet is a Mickey?\n\nHewey Dewey and Louis are what letters of what Alphabet?\n\nHarry potter characters are named after what letters of what language?\n\n3 little pigs - 6 differences = uncle scrooge\n\nSnakes on planes - trains - sharknado\n\nBlank spaces transmutate world processes using logical equations found at the Casino.\n\nOceans eleven 12 13\n\nUsing these words in the Blank spaces (Readers digest article to mass produce literature due to water parasite global problems):\n\nGoogle\nFacebook\nTwitter\nInstagram\nMicrosoft \n\nNever very something. Nothing very right\nNothing left\nNowhere very wrong\n\nSomething very wrong\nSomeone very right\nNo one very left.\n\nVery = (.)\n\nNothing =\nNowhere =\nNever =\nNo one =\n\nNothing (.) Right\nNowhere (.) Left\n\nWhisper\nWhimper\nWhipper \nShipper\n\n\nScream\n\n\nAll the free games on Google play are..... your new high-school. Detective101. Anti gambling technology. Keep looking.\nRocket science cognition teaching strategy using psychological teaching techniques.\n\nHome schooling? Google Play is your new high school.\n\n#NewYork\n#Columbine\n#LA\n#California\n\nPlay a movie and listen for the command sentences in the film.\nDo you have the right instructions?', "WHERE'S FREDO ?", 'Believe all Women! They are all as innocent as our queen Amber Heard!', "It's embarrassingly obvious CNN is running a segment with Cuomo's defense because they hired one.", 'Typical defense when nothing else will work is to discredit the victims.', 'Long in the tooth wonen, who would be considered 2am picks say WHAT?????', 'The report does have the markers of an ambush.', 'Lawyers really have no soul at all do they', 'Cuomo main assist resigns', 'this is just an extension of me too, this lawyer is a disgrace to victims and survivors of sexual abuse, no more victim blaming', 'I love your video at large but i will advice everybody who is into cryptos to Stick with ETH and BTC as much as you can guys. If everyone sells when it starts to fall, which at one point it will, the dream may be lost because of it being too volatile for companies to get behind.', 'It would be nice if this sort of accusations would be handled that quickly  for any other person who has been accused of this and even worse accusations. Look at Bill Cosby, he was condemned, is now free again and is saying that he was and is innocent. Look at Trump.\nHe is accused of same thing and worse, is walking free and is laughing about the Justice departments who are not acting against him as they should do.\nMatt Gaetz another example and many others, almost all of them politicians or other sort of celebrities. If one of us would do what they do or did, we would be in jail already.', '2016 A New Hope (Star Wars).\n2020 The Empire Strikes Back.\n2024 Return of the Jedi.', 'Good attorney', "Really an employee can't eat? How pathetic and petty that she even mentioned she was eatting  Wtf!", '#BelieveAllWomen', "World Record for the shortest That Didn't Age Well?", 'We need to find a better way to listen not here this', "It's a vast right wing conspiracy", 'Does this reporter expect an attorney to bad mouth their client?  Or is she, like Fox News does, is preaching to her audience. Instead of reporting the news. CNN has the same hate speech as Fox. Except different. But the same hate and conjectures. BS. The new call letters of CNN. A disgrace to the reporter.', 'I expected Garbage and lies  from CNN !', 'Just waiting on the eventual blackface picture to surface from the Cuomo family Christmas party.', 'And my goodness what if Cuomo is truly innocent? I hate this segment😩', '11 "Trump Loved" woman', 'God this communist news network does such a subtle and clever job twisting patriotism.', 'Softball questions CNN stunt to help Cuomo!', 'When there’s literally ELEVEN women saying they were sexually harassed. I’m more inclined to believe the women are telling the truth, at least ONE is telling the truth…', "Andrew Cuomo ISN'T MAN ENOUGH FOR SANDRA LEE SOOOO SHE HAS TO LOOK FOR A REAL MAN ACROSS THE POND 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂", 'I know I was shadow banned and that no sees my comments. I will keep posting and don’t be discourage because one day those tech giants monopoly will crumble.', 'How you sleeping out there?', 'The left turning themselves in knots over this one.', 'Reminds me of bill cosby , when they smell money everyone is a victim , they come out like roaches and the media  is ecstatic!!', 'CNN where’s Chris!?!', 'Innocent until proven guilty in Court. Due process.', 'Hehe you know it’s guilty when the defense is character assassination over relevant facts supporting innocence', 'Killing grannys and grabbing Fanny’s. The cuomo way', 'This is nothing compared to Clinton.', 'They after him big time.', 'The bigger picture isthe thousands of people that he sent to die in the nursing home.', 'STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN', "Let's attack the victims that's a defense I guess all 11 women are lying", '3:17 lmao', 'When my assembly person and my state senator vote for impeachment I will not vote for them in  upcoming elections leave Governor Cuomo to finish his term', 'lol I gave this video a thumbs down taking it from 888 to 889, hit the refresh button on the page and it was back at 888. Sheesh CNN, you people have no shame.', "I don't understand why this is being tried in the news. Why is the attorney being cross examined by a reporter?", "Where's my free solar program from Cuomo?", 'As the Dims cannibalize....make a good soap opera for TV', 'Old Italian guy got grabby? Our  planet is kinda on fire?', "also CNN news flash there's a pervert in the president's office 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂", 'Could someone  explain to me how this guy went for dems best hope in 2024 to a pariah in six months! Gov. kills 15thou seniors= crickets, Pats some interns on the ass=CANCELED!  Whats their agenda?', 'Lawyer,Cuomo, CNN....3 liars in a row.', 'How is someone a victim until proven?', 'CNN can’t think of original HEADLINES so they used FIRED BACK in 2 of their last 3 Videos. Sux to be a LEFTIST MEDIA OUTLET', "Take it to court and let the evidence prove the allegations or disprove them. It wouldn't be the first time someone made BS accusations and wouldn't be the first time a political figure abused his authority in such a manner. Stop trying this case in the media and let it take its due course like everyone is entitled to have happen. I don't see this kind of pressure to arrest Trump for 400,000 covid deaths due to his negligence nor hear the daily calls to arrest Matt Gaetz.", "You can't make the lawyer call the accusers anything.......it's up to you if you want to call it a lie or misunderstanding", "I just got a feeling Cuomo's gonna make it out this.", 'I think his lawyer got to point', 'kavanaugh got his revenge , karma is real folks', 'If what the Lawyer says is true then she has a fair point.', "Cuomo's lawyer -- sheesh!", 'But I thought CNN loved Cuomo?', 'Cnn Protects the wrong people & IS LAUGHING AT 😃 YOU', 'Love gov', 'Can we speak to Chris about this? CNN interviewing Chris would be prime time TV.', 'This dude should be locked up unbelievable if it’s a common citizen Automatically they would be locked up, keep voting Democrat they are sick people also', 'the host hmm seems to feel the guilty till proven innocent', 'i think it is good that Cuomo is being defended.  this is to be expected.', 'Cuomo resigned....🤔', 'Murica is amazing lol', 'AND THE FREAK GOT 3 DAUGHTERS TOO!  SAD!', '“Every word of God proves true;\n    he is a shield to those who take refuge in him.” – (Proverbs 30: 5) –\n\nSo that we shall never have to worship and pray in the way of religions; not even in the way of the pope or Christianity; because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets who are misleading us. When Jesus alone (in the name of Immanuel) is the Son of man and the true Prophet who was sent by the Lord God, to be always our one Teacher…\n\n These are the words of the Lord God: \n“I will raise up for them a prophet like you [Moses] from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth.” – (at Deuteronomy 18: 18) –\n\n“Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: A young woman is with child, and she will bear a son, and will call him Immanuel.” [“God is with us”] – (The Prophet Isaiah 7: 14) –\n\n“If you have ears to hear, then hear.” – (Jesus, in the name of Immanuel, the Messiah, at Mark 4: 23) –\n\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\n\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\n\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\n\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\n\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\n\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\n\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \nThis is how you should pray:\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\nGive us today our daily bread, \nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \nAmen. \nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\n\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\n\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) –\n\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\n\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\n  \n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\n\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\n\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\n\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \n\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\n\n"Stay awake, and pray that you may be spared the test: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." – (Matthew 26: 41) –\n“However, when he comes who is the Spirit of truth; he will guide you into all the truth.” – (John 16: 13) –\n\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20)\n\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Monday the 9th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', 'Good luck defending benny hill', 'From the producers of touched by an angel brings you nbcs new show touched by a governor.', 'Lawyers get paid on both sides.....lol at nick Ford.', 'For libs like me brown eye play is always an option 👁👁', 'Maybe it is a Russian conspiracy you load of jokers', 'He really disappointed his party. Just go Cuomo', 'Happens everywhere.', 'This is the same attorney who when asked yesterday when Cuomo can be expected to respond to specific allegations of inappropriate touching stated, "I can\'t give you a timeline, but I know he wants to do it soon." Not even she could keep from cracking a smile on that. Yes ma\'am, he always wants to do it soon. That\'s the problem.\n\nSo today, she wants to state that somehow all eleven accusers are in one or another way mistaken about the governor\'s behavior, ranging anywhere from misinterpreting his behavior to outright fabricating what he did. But to be reasonable, though possibly from among eleven accusers (which today became twelve) you could identify ONE who for whatever reasons embellished her account of events, how absurd it is to even BEGIN to assert that somehow the remaining accusers are all just flat out incorrect. Wow, wow, wow.', 'Exposure Time 💯\t😥\t|', 'Texas is the best stAte', 'why is the volume so low on this vid?', 'A family full of fredos', 'Haha, dems are no different, in fact, they are worse.', "Please explain how come Trump skips absolutely all criminal and more of all the accusations against him and he's still free to make  daily threats at large with no consequences at all and this crook don't risk anything while Como is about to be sent to the electric chair for cruising some women ?", 'Defending yourself is victim blaming, Orwell? Whaddya think?', 'You first have to be an actual victim in order for ‘victim shaming’ to apply. That’s determined in a court of law, not the court of public opinion.', 'Leave the governor alone…he did nothing wrong…it’s only politics!', 'The lawyer is right...there are 2 sides to the story and NOT everything is revealed! Its all about she said she said!! These women have some issues that needs to be revealed! WHY last year they came out! Trump??? Its NOT victim shaming revealing about the victims issues/situations that caused all these.accusation. What led them to come out NOW is important to know.', 'Me too, unless you are a powerful Demoncrat.', '"You know I\'m automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It\'s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don\'t even wait."', "WAIT!  Aren't all women to be believed, or was that last months slogan??", "Yet trump's accusers just got the boot and forever ignored. Well, even judge kavanock made it the accuser and trump supported him. And now Cuomo", 'Cuomo gets a female lawyer to try to gaslight his supporters....talk about sleazy.', 'Tara Reade says hello CNN.', 'Governor Cuomo New book:\r\nAmerican Crisis: Leadership Lessons Sexually Harassing Women.', 'This clown needs to go !!!!', 'Cuomo is now more credible?', "It's a bad interviewer who does 90% of the talking herself.", 'Singer Erykah Badu Posts Video of Obama’s Maskless Birthday Extravaganza', 'Lawyer: "How is it victim blaming to defend your client?"\nHer: "Is that all you have to say?"\n\nFirst time I\'ve ever been impressed by a CNN interview.', 'Can someone tell the REPORTER to shut it so we can listen to the lawyers answer! STOP interrupting!! The reporter is so Sarcastic and obnoxious! Shes not suppose to be taking sides but just interviewing and reporting! She needs to be replaced!!', 'I am frustrated that the reporter asks a question, and then interrupts and does not allow a complete answer. Also, in this video, the interview seems to be cut short, and I would like to hear and evaluate what the defense attorney has to say. Whether Cuomo turns out to be guilty or not in a court of law, let us at least hear the best arguments that are available in his defense. Is it really true that one of the ladies accusing him of sexual assault, soon afterwards was seeking to return to her job with Cuomo? This is suggested in the interview, but we are left wondering if this was substantiated as being factual.', 'CNN you’ve all been covering up for people like Cuomo and Avenatti and Harris and Newsom and Lightfoot 🤔 and Epstein and Weinstein 🤔 don’t try to play “hard” hitting news🤔', 'Damn, they did the same thing to Trump... hmmmm', 'So they go after Brittany Commisso the first  woman that filed the criminal complaint, how ironic, would they attack the credibility of the other 10 women if they also filed a police complaint. Fake news CNN never ceases to amaze me. Imagine if the shoe were on the other foot and it was a Republican Governor ?', 'And some "victims" do lie! We love to put people on pedestals then knock them down. Fear is used to often as excuse for not putting men in check. If you put job or ambitions over personal dignity then you are consenting to harassment.  I\'ve been putting men in check since my twenties and I\'m 75 now.', 'Bye bye Cuomo, bye bye Newsom, bye bye.... wait were is Whitmore at?....', 'CNN - Avenatti for President, uh nevermind... Coumo for President, oh wait. Tabloid Marxist news.', 'CNN, why not post the full interview? 4 minutes is way too short on such an important issue.', 'New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo  MUST GO!', 'Resign now!', 'The media are so fickle, the interviewer is out of her depth,  CNN did not do their research, get the facts right , do your home work, who is guilty or not I do not know other  than the news is not factual, informative, or properly researched that’s my opinion. In other words this was a waste of time', 'This didn’t age well!', "He's guilty. His brother is not a reporter. Cnn sux", 'When it’s a democrat it’s a debate. When it’s a Republican it’s a slam dunk', 'Whether he did it or not she is his defense lawyer and she has to defend him no matter what🤔', 'They all can’t be a lie.  Only takes one.', 'There are lots of paranoid people in the comments who are not taking their antipsychotics as the doctor has instructed.', 'To think CNN was pushing this guy hard to be a future leader of this country', "Sorry help me out here I'm an Irish guy..............why do everyone have to go on mainstream TV to explain themselves surely this is a private matter between the Governor, the plantiff's and the lawyers concerened.", 'and now hes resigned :)', 'Impeach him', 'The attorney is right...she is defending her client, and that is not the same as blaming anyone. The news anchor had no come back except "is that all you have to say?"', 'CNN pretending do be on the side of the victims.  Why not get Tubin to conduct the interview?', "Stay away from those wealthy democrat men lady's!!!!!!!!", 'C-SPAN Democrat paid operatives from top to bottom inside out', "That's a damn good lawyer on the right. \n\nRespect. 🤙", "Silly female accusers, it's sexual harassment only when Republicans do it. According to alyssa milano, #metoo rule do not apply to liberals", 'Im SURE FREDO & HIS GOV BRO HAVE BETTER THINGS TO DO THAN DEAL WITH 11 FRUSTRATED WOMEN', 'Accusation that will and will always be used against strong men who can not be taken down other wise is sexual assault, " if you can not  report true news n the reporter actions are to play layer on tv with only partial and one sided questions, if u wanted the lawyer to explain the progress of the case then those case questions are really stupid, yo now the same as carlson on fox, invite people not to report or find out what the true news is but accuse them of what you your self completely have little to zero idea of', 'Yeah, of course, 11 women lie... she is doing her job, but she doesnt do it good. She is deflecting on circumstantial guesses. Not good. (I am anti-repubturds, so... and: Al Franken resigned because of one old joke photo. I think Cuomo should resign if he is a decent person. What he is clearly not...)', 'My client is a monster but he is a nice guy. Biden has also done these things.', "DEM's top leadership has already thrown Cuomo under their bus, no way can he can stay in office much longer.", 'The reporter rudely interrupts then lectures the guest speaker. Extremely poor quality interview!', 'Put trump in prison first.', 'Fire cuomo', 'Lmao Cuomo was suppose to be Democrats next President! 😆😆😆', 'Defend the dirty if there on your side', 'Just resign already,  there’s no use fighting it, he still going to get booted out anyways!', "AND - Why is the volume so low?? The ads hit and I'm deaf! Comeon'!", '10,000 Murders on his hand', 'CCN = Chris Cuomo Network.\n\nHehehehehehe', 'Cuomo should just leave office', 'I think the correct name is Governor Dumo', "If this started in 2019 why did it take so long for it to come out. \nWhy did they wait until after he saved the city of New York.\nPolitics is very ambitious game. You have to be very very tough and I would like to know why it took so long for this to come out if it's true. \nWith the whole me too movement and these very powerful important men being brought down, why did it take so long for this to come out?", 'He will definitely get away with it.', 'Lawyer lying like lawyers do', 'I believe Andrew Cuomo', 'So people are guilty because they are accused. The reporter seems to be very bias.', 'Cnn protected WEINSTEIN', "She... She's a liar! What about the other numerous women who say the same? Can we please forget about those others..LOL", "The lawyer is a smart woman. \nI don't believe in any of the 11 women by the way. The Governor may have hugged or kissed or touched them but not inappropriately !!", 'The Attorney is well educated and well prepared for the interview and she still acts like a deer in the headlights.', 'Cnn protected Charlie rose', "This is exactly why women of sexual assault don't come forward. Lawyers have to blame the victim!", 'Obama seen dancing maskless at booze-filled birthday bash', 'All of CNN is opinionated editorials from triggered people. What happened to FACT BASED NEWS? Let the attorney ANSWER THE QUESTION THO.', 'Nicely edited video CNN', 'Doesn’t matter who you are, when a woman simply turns  your sexual advances down it crushes your ego and from that point you simply don’t have the bravery to pursue her further for it to become sexual harassment.', 'Wonder if prince ANDREW is going to make speech like this clown .', 'But she can run faster with her dress up than Any guy with his pants down.  Good defense.', 'What a disappointment this questioning is completely amateur from a polite standpoint.', "Where's Chris Cuomo????", 'You may not be victim blaming but you are showing your character hen 😬', 'Good job Antifa 👍🏻', "Of course you support Cuomo's narrative, why wouldn't you.", 'He did it lock him up', "CNN and Fredo pretending Cuomo isn't guilty  lol   hypocrisy at it's finest", "Everyone has a right to a fair hearing/trial. I've seen people being pushed out on false claims so I want to see the whole story before making a judgement.", 'The slow death of thos garbage news network is the greatest show on YouTube... gun smoke reruns get better ratings and more views', "Why isn't CNN also talking about Arizona Dem Senator Tony Navarrete that has been arrested Thursday evening in connection to a child sex crime?", 'Even you accept kissing in the cheek and forehead as greetings But what about the hand wriggle through the place Where you have no rights.All 11 women telling a lie?Some one has to explain what is going on?', "Honestly I don't care about the Cuomo saga happening in NY, and I don't think he should resign,  you know why?  Because if you paid even the tiniest bit of attention the past four years, Republicans were the ones who set the standards on this if you look at the list of candidates they backed for various seats in government no matter what scandals the candidate had.\nTo me this really reeks of Franken 2.0. The former Democrat senator who resigned for what now seems like a laughable accusation, while Republicans were fully endorsing white supremacists and child molesters.\n\nIf you think I'm bullshitting, looked at the gaetz accusation, much more serious! And there isn't a hint that he might resign and not a single republican or right-wing media pundit is calling for it.\n\nWho here thinks that if DeSantis were facing the exact same accusations Cuomo is facing, right-wingers would talking about resignation? \n\nDemocrats need to stop punching themselves in the face and realize what kind of enemy they are facing. \n\nNo to a Cuomo resignation! Let Cuomo serve out his term, and if the voters of New York no longer want him in there, let them decide at the polls.", "How is it blaming the victim to defend your client......reporter scrambles. Nothing more than they couldn't stick anything on trump so they are going after anyone other male. And willing to deny due process while doing so.", 'This channel put him a pedestal,a future president,they changed their tune,what about the deaths in the care homes 🤔', 'I realize this woman is a journalist but I find her very hostile and argumentative. I refuse the listen to her lack of intelligence just to poke the bear. I am surprised to see someone with this attitude on CNN. Accusers are just that, Como has not been found guilty, anyone can be accused of anything, this has been blown completely out of context.', 'Some of them are LYING!!!!', 'Dear Andrew, \nThanks for taking one for the team. That border covid story was jus a little too much heat.\n                             Love Joey', 'Where are the coumosexual brothers? 😂😂.\nRemember what uncle Joe said about Andre. “He’s the gold standard of leadership”.'], ['*MY 18+ PHOTOS HERE* LIKEE.BABY\r\n\r\nHistory: deleted\r\nPhone: yeeted\r\nHoly water: needed\r\nMeat: beated\r\nТо чувство когда все застыли, а люди сзади идут', "It's one thing having a privileged education. It's quite another being intelligent", 'I’m confused. Does it mean “owning” or “getting owned” when you die needlessly', 'What the hell does the border have to do with that guy running a state like he has an IQ of 10. Ron DeSantis is responsible for people dying instead of talking about that he wants to talk about the border which has nothing to do with covid. I want to go to Florida not with that guy running it. He puts his palletical ambitions above his constituents lives, he is a monster.', 'It is incredible to me that they have allowed politicians to make our health decisions based on the politicians career aspirations.', 'The ExMan’s Apprentice Trick works well so it is in demand now, nothing to lose. The equation is trick or no trick.', 'I’m consistently reminded of the hypocrisy that is present 🤔', '"NaNa Boo Boo." I\'m done 😅🤣', '“Kinnergarteners” wear masks, God forbid! 🙄', 'Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities', 'This has nothing to do with smarts, but with power!', 'There’s a difference between education and intellect', 'Listening to MTG reminded me that Southern hospitality is as dead as Dick Farrel and Scott Apley.', "In the UK we fall the Delta varriant the Johnson varriant because he allowed it into the country.  \n\nAnd just because you went to a well respected University doesn't mean you are intelligent..it just means you are rich.", '"It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it." - Upton Sinclair', 'Jimmy boy acusta, smallest balls in in the media. Was so funny when President Trump berated him as the fake news Jim is.', 'So when you break your arm, do you go to your politician to fix it, fix it yourself, or just go to a damn doctor? Seems like an easy question with an easy answer.', 'Is this a joke? Hey Acosta, the Obamas just hosted the biggest super spreader event in history over the weekend. Hundreds and hundreds of people indoors and no masks including pelosi.   Where is the coverage?  Why are you only reporting one side of the news?', 'Stop asking questions and trust the experiment. It’s literally the same thing as wearing a seatbelt. Get jabbed folks!', 'GOP leaders have decided that losing 1-2% of their constituents - even if they are Republican - is an ok price to pay so that they can win their next primary.   A deadly, cold calculation for power and money.', 'Those people are the ones in movies that screw everything up when the good guys are trying to help an save everybody .', "Honestly the only thing that showing the schools where those inbreds went to proves is that this country's education system is more pitiful than rankings suggest. Either that or the rankings don't take into account third-party variables.\n\nI have received my second vaccine but I will keep wearing a mask because I actually want to be safe and, well, not sick.", 'Josh Hawley always looks like he’s trying to read the last line on the chart.', '“The road to hell is paved with Ivy League degrees.”', '“As the delta variant is RAGING across the US” 😂🤣', "Making the bed you're going to sleep in. Low vaccination makes mutations more possible. Shame on these Repubs, risking their voters ...  for a vote.", 'You can’t say it any simpler than that!!! Well said!!!💯', 'CNN made the pandemic political from day one and failed to do their job as an unbiased source for information, creating a feedback loop where their enemies then wanted to own libs. Switch this over and replace CNN with Fox and libs with conservatives. It’s a two sided problem.', 'Simple question: When you get sick, do you go to a doctor or a politician?', 'Why do I get the feeling this guy misses trump?', "Ron DEATHSANTIS has blocked businesses from mandating mask also.\nWe want a mask mandate,clearly Ron DEATHSANTIS doesn't care about no one but his family.", 'I can hardly wait for the “Florida”, “Texas” and “Missouri” variants.\nWelcome to the leper colony!', 'It just time to trust the voice of God in your spirit and ignore conspiracy theories. This virus is real, protect your family. This civilization is in decline phase slowly but surely!', "That green thing doesn't remember that the south is or was actually known for it's southern hospitality.  That's why her joke hit flat, crickets.", 'Jim...you should say, follow\n"the" science. Meaning the specific state,cdc,project moe king berd endorsed "science" that youre going by. The science of complete consensus that no experts disagree with right? Right...', 'You sure have allowed your society to be controlled by people suffering all sorts of character flaws.\nYou guys do get to vote. So by definition this is what you as a nation want, or at least deserve.', 'Boy this dudes like a child, sits there and sounds like a child.\n\nWhere you all hiding at ?\nHow about a one on one with a SUPER SPREADER !', 'Let Desantis comfort the parents with children in the NICU', "Many in the GOP\r\ncontrary to the moral codes and values\r\nthat most of us grow up to learn and respect\r\n[simply because good ethics are proven to work far more often than not] \r\nare now somehow under the impression \r\nthat Trump's behavior\r\nis an acceptable, practical path\r\nthat everyone should learn from and emulate. \r\nWell, I gotta tellya \r\nI'm damned if I can see a surplus  \r\nof insight & foresight \r\nin the pages of THAT playbook\r\nand in fact\r\nall I CAN see\r\nvery clearly...\r\nis something quite the opposite.", 'Small government is only cool when they\'re in charge. "I\'m not gonna tell you what to do, while telling you what to do".', 'Acosta screams look in my cellar!! 😵', 'I understand that when a state or the federal government tries to take away your rights, that they have already declared war upon us. It is time to take out the TYRANTS.  RESIST, DO NOT COMPLY WITH TYRANNY,  attend local government meetings and make your voice heard, tell them what is wrong and what you expect to be right!  If all attempts fail to restore our Constitutional Republic, armed resistance is necessary.', 'Should MGT be arrested for threatening to kill a state/federal employee?', 'Even faced with the prospect of death, they still don\'t get it! My grandfather had a Dutch saying..."if they don\'t want to hear then they must feel"!', 'Blessed are the non-vaccinated for they shall inherit the Earth.', '"but, I digress..." <3 Awesome :)', 'Got to love those digressions Jim', 'Just because they showed up at those schools, it doesn’t mean they learned anything.', 'How do we keep little kids in masks at school?  School becomes all about masks. My doctor told me a week ago that germs easily fit through the weave of cloth masks.  Keep kids out of school until the pandemic passes.  This kids-school-pandemic thing seems to be more about daycare than edjimication. Public school is cheap daycare that allows Mom to hold down a job.', "The irony and hypocrisy of this anti-vaccine agenda are that most people refusing to take the vaccine say no one, especially the government, can tell them what to do; it's their body. However, they are also the most vocal anti-abortion group and have this agenda as a primary political goal.", "No wonder there are no Jehovah's Witnesses in Alabama. Those southerners who do so love their second amendment rights have placed them into early graves.", 'At this point “science” is just another religion lol 😂', 'The thing that strikes me most about all this is that just ten years ago any politician with this anti vax stance would have seen the end of their career over it...  This is one of the side effects of Trump. Enough people have become so braindead with their need to be defiant that the damages to others are no longer an issue for them.', 'This video made me cry. I can’t believe these government officials are not looking out for their people.', 'Back in the good old days when you could still die a plain normal natural death like a goldfish or a parakeet we didn\'t know any better that you could jazz up your obituary with clandestine word track like "death by misadventure" or "complications of covid virus". Damn  I remember when dying just wasn\'t that cool man !!! These folks today got way too much time on their hands. Or do they ?', 'Questioning science…is science 🧬', 'The perpetual crisis is the perpetuity of conservatives to accept biology and science whether it be climate change, global warming, and the virus.', 'I grew up in the South - my family roots are deep in the South (all the way back to the 1700\'s). I was always taught by my parents, aunts and uncles, and my grandparents, that our door was always open to strangers - that they were always welcome to \'sit a spell on the porch\', and to join us for a meal. Just before supper, right after asking the Lord to bless the meal, my Grandfather used to say, "Ya\'ll see what\'s on the table, that\'s all we have, but everyone\'s welcome to share - now eat up!" I grew up in a very, very different South than did Marjorie T. Greene. She is a clear example of the cancerous sickness that\'s still eating away in the South, even after it was crushed and crippled in the 1860\'s. My family helped to shield the Union from those subhuman monsters - Margie does NOT represent my South - not at all!', 'I have never seen Brinken laugh, which shows that he also has psychological pressure to say these inverted black and white words. People know right and wrong deep in their hearts. I also feel sorry for him. He had a very painful life and lied all his life.', 'Where are all those healing evangelists when you need them?', 'The next variant in the USA could be named in honor of the X-potus superspreader.', 'It\'s telling that they want to "own" people.', "We all saw on the news what happened in Brazil and India, they don't have the opportunity to get free coronavirus vaccines like the u.s.", 'They are in reality owning themselves.', 'Find out where it came from then maybe I’ll take the vaccine lol I’ll quit my job if they do that unconstitutional mandate', 'I’ve read conservative and non-conservatives news sites for some time.  I keep hearing many people say they don’t want vaccinations.  Ok, fine. But they also say they have the right to disregard ALL PRECAUTIONS in the midst of a pandemic. Sigh…..', "I'm just gonna say it... I'm glad they are doing this. Hopefully the pain they inflict upon their own people will serve as a poignant lesson.", 'remember last year, \nduring the same pandemic,\nthe GQP was screaming that\nschool districts should be making their own decisions...\n\nwe do.', 'Pwning libs by dying from COVID-19 is kind of their signature move. Why interfere?', 'For once, Acosta is right. The problem is the libs do a good enough job owning themselves...', 'The Courts WILL say it had an unconstitutional foundation - \nAN IDIOT SIGNED IT', 'SWEET! I always love to send your reports to my grandparents. scares the hell outta them', 'The Desantis variant, that is gold.', "*Common Sense: People shouldn't have to die BY LETTING IN THOUSANDS OF COVID POSTIVE  PEOPLE so some politicians(and media stooges) can 'own the narrative'*", 'We want Acosta on more often please 🙏', 'What about the possibility of long term negative affects of the vaccine?   Oh wait we can deal with that in the future.   Tested and safe. Sure it is.', "why can't these politicians be arrested for endangering people lives?", 'MyDad used to say "Fools rush in where Angels fear to trod".  We seem to have our fair share of fools.  Most of those fools just refuse to learn.', 'I heard he was executed for treason. \nOops cat outa the bag!!!', 'I say we close off the borders of some of these states that refuse to vaccinate and quarantine them until they either all pass away from covid or they all realize they need to do the right thing.', 'If you want to know if you should get vaccinated or wear a mask, ask your doctor not a politician. How is it that these Governors are not being charged with practicing medicine without a license?', 'I REMEMBER THAT ONE PROFESSOR THAT WENT TO THAT ONE PRESTIGIOUS UNIVERSITY THAT GOT ARRESTED CAUSE HE FAILED TO DISCLOSE THAT HE WAS RECEIVING FUNDS FROM THAT ONE LAB IN CHINA....YES....THAT LAB', "It must be fun being DeSantas' doctor when the patient thinks he has more medical knowledge than the doctor.", 'If youre a gonna be a schill\nShouldent one at least be likable James? And its, "nanny, nanny, boo,boo"', 'When I see Acosta, , I’ll pass.', 'I wish the media would stop being discriminatory against those with natural immunity.', "I'm worried there may be a time when Republicans make it illegal to be a liberal in there states.", '_Sept. 16, 2020_\n“If you take the blue states out, we’re at a level I don’t think anybody in the world would be at.”', 'Admit that your a sinner This is where that godly sorrow leads to genuine repentance for sinning against the righteous God and there is a change of heart, we change our mind and God changes our hearts and regenerates us from the inside out. . Believe in your heart that Jesus Christ died for your sins, was buried, and that God raised Jesus from the dead. This is trusting with all of your heart that Jesus Christ is who he said he was. Call upon the name of the Lord. This is trusting with all of your heart that Jesus Christ is who he said he was. Every single person who ever lived since Adam will bend their knee and confess with their mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings. The rapture is all so imminent! Ezekiel 38 war is about to happen with Iran Turkey and Russia All ready in\xa0 Syria All of these prophecies have been told in scripture.', 'FFS these clowns are completely responsible for the utter chaos caused initially. They are now elongating the whole bloody mess for purely political reasons. To an outsider ( Scottish) it just looks like complete lunacy. Good luck all.', 'Sad powerful men can be blind to the harm they are doing to keep people in harms way', "Really impressed by Mr Acosta's journalistic style.  Successor to the great Tim Russert?", 'I rather my children be safe and wear a mask,they make my kids wear uniforms to school why not wear a mask', 'Hey Jim let me parrot what feminists have been saying for a very long time. My body my choice. This is not Nazi Germany as of today we are still free to make our own decisions', 'thanks god ,this is clearly other countries interfering in the process of influencing, who gets elected.|', "Why are we concerned about people who understand the risks?  We've had plenty of time where anyone could be vaccinated by now.  We need to learn to live with this because it is never going away", "I didn't sign on the line to protect you on 9-12-2001 and spent 6 years as an Airborne/Ranger in Iraq and Afghanistan for putting children in danger.", "Let's be honest: The ideal world for a Republican candidate is one where their constituents are too stupid to recognize how they're ripping them off. Republicans fight for a world of ignorance and blind loyalty to people who will take advantage of them.", 'MY ONLY QUESTION IS.....WHEN DO THE FEMA CAMPS START FIRING UP?', 'Close the boarder!!!\nIt makes me sick that it’s being ignored 😡😡😡', 'So if Trump supporters come knocking on my door asking about whom I voted for, I can use my 2nd amendment rights to get them off my porch? Sounds reasonable to me😊', "I know it's your job to push the vax but you're losing the info war cnn, LOSING!", 'MTG just threatened to shoot people for coming to her door and convince others to do the same.\nThis is bloody goddamn madness\n#YouDontDeserveYourGuns', 'We in Florida already call it the DeSantis variant', 'I call BS just because someone went to an ivy college doesn’t have to be smart.', 'He READS that script soooooooo smoothly.', 'The number of dead rising again? Zombie apocalypse!', 'I would hope that all those universities would revoke their degrees …saying they couldn’t possibly have deserved their degrees.', 'Doctors, Nurses and other Health providers should protest to their governors and politicians. These providers are the ones getting swamped with these covid patients.', 'Confused.. Since when have kindergarten teachers worked in schools?  In Europe, for example, kindergarten teachers work in kindergartens and not in schools. Uuuuh DeSantis, so clever!', 'What are “kinner gardeners”?', "Enough debates, just go out and get it already. It protects you, your family and every1 in the community.Its been scientifically,mathematically and statistically proven to make every1 safer.The chances of side effects or accidents are so unbelievably small that it's completely absurd to not get one already.Quit being selfish,quit arguing online and go purchase a firearm.", "Can't own someone while you're pushing up daisies.", "Is anyone prevented from wearing a mask if they chose to?  How is it someone else's fault if you decide to not wear a mask?  Does CNN believe that people are too stupid to think for themselves?", 'i really dont know about politics..i just recently started learning what the left and the  right is ..and let me say something those democrats politicians seem real shady ..cnn seems real shady .well both sides are shady', 'Dam. Too bad this pandemic is passing.\xa0For the work we do out there. My colleagues and I appreciated that whole year of;\n\nNo idiots driving stupid\nNo bikers cutting off in front of cars\nNo one crossing anywhere \nNo one opening car doors w/out looking\nNo need to honk at texters on green light\nNo sudden left/right w/out signals \nNo one blocking traffic under traffic light\n\nAnd much more... we will miss covid and how well it kept the waste away.', '"States fighting the science." LOL! PROPAGANDA ALERT.', '*Any legally competent adult willing to defer to politicians for expert medical advice deserves every consequence.*', 'The government keeps letting infected people into the country. They want it to continue.', 'Obama superspreader birthday party.', 'Any human being with any sense of dignity and integrity should have reason enough to look up\nInformation and learn from this complex World. If any person, depends on any politician to do this task, they deserve to suffer the consequences', "Sturgis bike week is coming right up.  Looks like we'll be getting the Noem variant shortly. 200k cases verified from the last one.  Covid loves these idiots!", 'This is a  propoganda opinion  "news story"\nTell the whole story. We need the details', "People shouldn't die, become financially ruined, mentally ill, shutdown and isolated from society, or be wishing death upon others, just because of cdc guidelines.", "Criticizing the Repubs for politicizing the disease while you literally politicize the disease in the same rant. If the left didn't have double standards, they'd have none at all.", 'strange that the Doctor funding the virus source, is also predicting the next strain...prediction or threat', "But people shouldn't be dumb enough to believe in their absurdities either. I don't know who to blame more-- politicians or the public.", "Acosta I never really liked.  But now he's a real go getter! Go jimmy go!!!", 'How much longer will hawley be an elected official', '99% sure I’ll be ok.', 'How about naming or calling a variant  Cuomo.  Or name the morgues after him?', "Imagine complaining about kids having to wear masks to protect each other in school, and *that's* your biggest inconvenience. Imagine that level of privilege, entitlement, and shortsightedness. So weak. So stupid.", 'Apparently their highly prestigous educational credentials were paid for by their "blue-blood" parents and not earned through academic excellence. Common sense cannot be taught.', 'This is getting really old and really stupid....\n"Get vaxxed, so we can get back to normal!!!"\n"Okay were vaxxed. Were having a church party."\n"YOU CANT!!!! DELTA IS HERE! NEED BOOSTER!"\n"But YOU dems just had a party"\n"DELTA BAD GET BOOSTER LOCK DOWNS REEEEEEEEEEEE"', 'Which expert signed off on open borders during a pandemic?', 'Jim acosta laughed at the anti- malarial medication. And people died.', 'I thought the Republicans were against slavery? I mean, they want to "own" libs!?!', 'When is your next book Jim ?', 'The Arkansas legislature declined to change the mask mandate', 'A governor who walks the talk?  DeSantis is a threat to the left and CNN.', 'All you need to know \nDr. Gene Kim on YT \n❤🙏', 'Herr Hawley knows everything about Fear and Intimidation.', 'Cuomo Variant would be a great one . All those that died in the nursing homes .', "Please try to remember that Democrat Cory Bush's life is more important than mine , yours or your children's. These are her words.  Good job Missouri !!! Relect Representative Bush!!", "A recent news article showed a diagram of the symptoms from the Delta variant between vaccinated, semi vaccinated, and unvaccinated. The difference between theses states of vaccination is minimal, and clearly showed that vaccinated people have worst sinus related issues. We now know you can be a super spread even if vaccinated. Yet, all the sheep believing main stream media are not thinking for themselves, since the urgency of being vaccinated literally makes no sense. No data is suggesting it's helping you. Wear your mask for the rest of your life, we will then know what you represent. One more thing, Obama's recent 60th bday party had thousands of unmasked party goers. These are the same people telling you to wear your mask. You are all sheep baahh.", 'Jim Acosta seems so depressed, but I digress, hahahahaha', 'Could u imagine the outrage from the right if Obama mishandled covid-19? Keep in mind, the GOP and Trump supporters blew a head gasket over less than (5) damn people dying from the swine flu or  Ebola!  Let that sink in!', 'I think some people dont care since you guys have a free health care. Maybe thats the reason why your politicians dont agree to mask mandate. We are so jealous of your country.', 'People should feel free to pass gas wherever they please. If a masked person asks if you farted, their mask in ineffective. Point that out as they’re breathing in your poop particles.', "What about Lord Obama's birthday bash Jim?", 'Or maybe ppl die defending our rights as citizens? Also @CNN, post the rates of vaccine ppl whom make up the new numbers. Or the economy stats from Florida. Just anything journalism would do.', "They're culling themselves. I find that hilarious. You go, boys.", 'It’s about freedom of choice', 'A headline like this had to come from a low rated network, oh wait it was CNN....no wonder.', 'obama just had a 700  person super spreader party,,, no  cnn speaking against that of course', 'Send the hospital overload to DeSantis house.', '"WHY?" is the central question.  Americans have being willing in the past to believe their fellow citizens would side with the English, or the Japanese or the Germans or the Russians, but whoever foresaw the day when politicians would side with a DISEASE against their constituents?', 'Isn’t that what you want to divide between race gender and so on and so forth?', '“Of all the tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive.  It may be better to live under robber barons than under the omnipotent moral busybodies.  The robber barons cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.”\n\n- C.S. Lewis', 'Start convicting politicians for criminal negligence, which this represents, exactly. Open them up to civil litigation for wrongful death, negligence causing injury. The only language the right understands is financial puunishment.', 'So We had a barbecue in our apartment complex down at the park area, and I was talking to my neighbor, he was going on and on about how great of a president Biden is, and how he’s going to fix everything, then I asked him why did you decide to vote for him? he replied , “I believe it’s best we don’t have too much freedom and that the government controls more of what we do, they know how to make better decisions” I  nodded my head and felt like puking in my mouth', 'He wants to see his kids smile. I’d like to know his kids are alive!', 'Congradulations To continue fithing your dooing a great job.I would HAVE given up long time a go.REPUBLICANS ARE INSANE NOTHING TO WITH THEM', "Kids don't mind wearing their masks. It's whiny adults that cause fear in children with their lies and misinformation.", 'My second amendment rights protect me and my family from criminals. Aka democrats', 'Did Acosta really say, "What a about the border?" Is he high?', 'Does Josh Hawley realize he just claimed Biden and the Left are stoking fear while he himself is actively and actually promoting fear in the same breath? Oh yeah, that’s right, I forgot… Republicans are completely immune to their own projection.', 'Who listens to CNN?  How many times in the last in the last five years have you been sold misinformation from them?', 'If we all turned this garbage called "news" off covid will go away.', 'Who in their right mind would allow Jim Acosta to comment on things. His job is corresponding', 'They will not like the welcome they get at my house 🤷\u200d♂️', "I'm speechless at this point. It's unfortunate that the good sometimes suffer under the leadership of ignorant people.", 'All I see is a bunch of idiots who used their privilege to get into schools that they were never qualified for in the first place. I wonder how many of them were accepted based on their merits.', "Fifteen thousand elderly New York citizens shouldn't have had to die just to fan Randy Andy's ego either.", 'someone tell that to obama , oh wait people like him are exempt from such things . This only applies to the unsophisticated.', "What I keep wondering is DeSantis has larger political ambitions. Sure he could get Republicans to vote for him but both Republicans and Democrats are an increasingly smaller percentage of the population. With the policies, he keeps trying to push how the hell does he expect independents to vote for him? To me, he seems more like a useful idiot used to push Trump's agenda on the off chance he will get his blessing if Trump is not running himself.", 'Well by your logic we should name coronavirus the Fauci virus since he knew about it before it happened.', 'Why, he backed Pelosi, waiting for four month to give Aid to the American people!', "It's the ppl who made this weapon who are at  fault", 'Damn. I’m smarter than some Harvard graduates.', 'My 18 month old granddaughter can wear a mask without complaining.  It is the “ adults” that do the complaint.  The kids pick up on that.  Asian countries have been wearing masks for years and they do not complain.', 'They need to practice what you preach', "These debates should really stop.  What governments need to realize is that the general public will not allow being held hostage by the anti-vaxxers come the 4th wave, 5th wave or whichever wave going forward. We've all had our chance by now and we've all made our own decisions. Once hospitals start getting close to capacity, you need a vaccine passport to get in. Problem solved.", '👏', "Obama's birthday celebration was an affront to basic civility and common sense.  We can't wag our fingers at them when the former President does not follow guidelines.  Deeply shameful.", "People shouldn't have to die,\n\n In order for people to get vaccinated! 👍", 'Yea except pro vaccine people are laughing and celebrating when non vaccinated people die 🤔 calling them all kinds of names and acting smug 🤦🏽\u200d♂️', 'Funny how getting vaccinated is the answer for the dems when vaccinated dems are getting covid.', "What happened to all the illnesses that are why its illegal to contact remote tribes? The ones we have all been vaxxed for and is apart of the herd now like covid? Test for all of those and lose your minds when you realize if you don't cycle them for too long.. *Points at updates for seasonal illnesses* < Supposed to be to prepare for, not use during without antibody test to make sure they haven't already gotten antibodies from asymptomatic infection(Detectable but symptoms NEVER OCCUR).. You know its still on the sites right? Replace covid with ALL..\n\nYou think they will spare you when its all over CNN? Any side? FBI logs all the shelters.. So does everyone watching them.", 'Media is the enemy ✊🏾', "I'm surprised no one has picked these guys off yet.   amazing", 'We slowed natural selection so maybe the virus is helping wipe out all the idiots.', 'Hawley is a weasel who will do anything to gain and get power.  The people of Missouri cannot be that stupid to leave him in the Senate.', 'Having entered or graduated from an elite university is given to anyone with a lot of money and/or anyone learning by heart their textbooks.  They don\'t need to be smart, kind, or knowledgeable. They just need to regurgitate the texts they are given. It takes a lot more to be a "knowledgeable" and smart individual with clarity about the world and how things work. Don\'t be fooled by titles!', 'I see Qanon is still here...', "Where is the outrage from the right for being forced to pay car insurance, property taxes, income taxes and a host of other legal requirements that we must meet or else? But to be asked to put on a cloth that just might save their life or your life.... All of a sudden that's a step too far! I call madness and political tribalism from the right", 'So after a year and a half of stoking Fear.\nNow you are saying that it was wrong ?', 'I wore a mask once and it killed me TWO TIMES!', 'Even vaccinated are getting sick ans some have long term effects.  Protect the people of this country', 'Thank you, Jim Acosta, for giving the facts and telling the truth. Smart people will listen to the facts, while gnorant ones will argue and support the big lie.', 'Well, if dying is a way to own the "Libs"?  So be it.', "Ivy league ......oooooooh I'm soooooooo impressed! That's a lot of money for an education to sound that stupid.", 'That face on DeSantis', 'What is the CNN stance regarding the Obama 60th Birthday Party? Can we all have birthday parties, weddings and other events in tents?', "At least Asa can admit when he's wrong..", 'What is the CNN stance regarding the Obama 60th Birthday Party? Can we all have birthday parties, weddings and other events in tents?', 'i wish i was a liberal so that i did not have to think for myself', 'So he is condemning politicians who decline to give medical advice.', "When are you going to address Cuomo's sex allegations?", 'DeSantis doesn’t care about his constituents and when people or their young children get sick and die. I hope they will sue DeSantis & the state.', 'Obamas party  , rules for the not for me . Live your life people party on .', 'Anybody else out there not holding their breath on this happening???\t👏\t|', 'When are constituents going to start demanding some alternate pandemic solutions from the politicians that are against masking and vaccines? Make them stop criticizing others and start saying what they propose to fix this problem and save lives.', 'I’m from an elite university, and I don’t think the science supports mandates.', 'I think it\'s funny that as soon as "Don\'t Fauci My Florida" started trending, it was immediately out-trended by "Don\'t DeSantis My America"', 'Truly the toilet of the news agency’s.', 'Be safe critical thinkers.  Dodge the spreaders - protect yourself and your community.', 'The man has a point.', 'Chris Cuomo where are you? why don`t you interview your brother with another lovefest? BWAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAAA!', "Florida's new monument to immoral stupidity: the Desantis Crematorium", 'Bullshit, a high percentage of new infections are among the vaccinated.  Of course-they won’t mention that.  Science?', 'This guy still works for CNN ? \nI thought he was over with. Or fired ? \nWhat’s his name again? \nDon lemon', 'Turns out the "pro-life" party has a much higher tolerance for death and suffering (even amongst themselves) ............ that in itself should worry people ........', 'Acosta the Joseph Goebbels of CNN.', 'There’s gonna be a lot fewer republicans voting at the next election 😁😁😁', 'Meanwhile a bunch of libs are out celebrating Obama\'s b-day. I would have no problem with this, if the hypocrisy wasn\'t so mind-blowing! CNN and MSM will obviously not be calling this a "super spreader" even, being even they don\'t believe the b.s they\'re spewing.', 'it may be able to be stopped at southern border', 'You should also let people make their own choices so you can\'t "own the publicane"', 'What we see is Josh Hawley promoting perpetual pandemic in addition to fascist insurrection. Hawley 2024. Get on board.', 'Dont Wait till your time comes when these gop  cant breathe, do something now before its too late, good heavens still giving you time ,  time  is running out , otherwise your conscience will kill you!', "If we're going to call things by different name instead of calling some one an asshole call them an  Acosta", "Hello everyone! Please come and follow God. Even though there is sin in the world and sin separates us from God and even though we disobey God and things in this world are very difficult, God still cares. Even though there are many hard times in the world, God still offers us salvation. If you will come and seek God and pray to him for forgiveness and help and put your faith in Jesus christ for salvation, you can experience the love of God. If you seek God, he says you will find him, if you truly seek him. If you repent of your sins and be Baptized in a church that truly follows the Bible ( just make sure it is one that truly does follow the Bible)and you do the will of God, you can be saved and have everlasting life with God in heaven. Studying the Bible and going to a biblical church can help. Just ask God to help you along your journey and he definitely can and God can bless us in ways we can't even imagine. I hope you will consider this and I pray that God blesses you and leads you in the Truth!", 'The DeSantos variant 😂😂😂', 'Thank you Mr. Acosta your a honorable truthful professional.', 'Tell us about the 74k mail in ballots counted for Biden that were not even posted out. Even my suppliers in 3rd world India are laughing their heads off. And, how are your book sales going Jim?', 'What bot program do they have liking these videos?', "Hey CNN, I see you have ZERO coverage of the police officer shot and killed in Chicago during a traffic stop with her partner in critical condition. Why is that? That's 30 officers shot at this year alone in that city alone? Let me guess, their lives don't matter? It doesn't fit in to your coverage, does it. Why is that?", 'Thank you Jim', '“Many of you will die, a sacrifice I am willing to make”', 'Thanks Joe Biden for the inflation of everything you’re such a good president lol', 'Sorry to burst her bubble but the north the south east and west we all love our second amendment as well just keep that in mind you guys don’t need to be naïve and think you guys are the only ones that love your Second Amendment or be naïve and find out the wrong way', 'Also if you can’t call it the “China virus” why can you name it after republicans?  Especially after the wuhan lab leak theory turned out not to be a conspiracy like you told us?', 'I am ok and I know how can I protect my self. Crowded people should take vaccine to respect the lines 🙄 for cannot spread the viruses.', 'OMG. Naming the variants after them is an awesome idea.', 'Follow the ever changing science?', "Visit a hospital and then you know, you'll not need a gun, they are already dying.", 'What negligent people would refuse to have their kids wear masks to keep them alive? \nI love my kids and want them to stay alive.', 'NO mean NO. Now you guys want to forcefully us to take it.\n\nYou will get stab by me before you can stab me.', 'They can’t “own the libs” if their base is dead.', 'The sad thing is that many people will die Jim.', 'The right is getting there medical advice from Fox News and news max and politicians who are not medical professionals', 'Is Jim Acosta reporting from China? I will believe him when he starts questioning the origin of Covid19 and press the Chinese government. He is envious and angry that people take him for a fool.', "Yes they should and I'm tired of pretending they shouldn't.", "These Ivy league politicians know the truth because they are educated but their constituents don't. If you have any doubt of the lack of education of the American public I beg you to listen to any of CSPANs open caller sessions. It's truly terrifying.", 'It will be the Eta variant in september.', 'Some people need to get their facts straight', 'new world "mentacide"', 'China and Russia must be grinning with glee.', 'Letting people know what health risks they, and their community, face is not "a campaign of fear and intimidation", it is public service. If Hawley does not realize this, he does not belong in government.', "People shouldn't lose their freedom of choice so politicians feel in control", 'As we can see from comments, the Q-variant causes brain damage.', 'Some people have book sense, no common sense which explain all the above!!!!', 'The news is my doctor.', "DeSantis, why don't you do your job and protect your constituents and stop taking trip's to other states spreading misinformation while people in your state are contracting covid-19 in record numbers.", 'I fell asleep during the first few seconds of this video...Jim Acosta is so boring. 🤣🤣🤣🤣', "Keep owning me, I don't mind 👍", 'Haven’t seen Jim Acosta confront Pres Biden disrespectfully yet. Journalist? Lmao', 'Historically, the southern states have taken the opinion of selfishness and the unintelligent.', "The USA has become a joke. I can't believe much of the world used to admire the country. Some of these people should be retroactively tried for reckless depraved manslaughter.\nThis is most disturbing. To have a solution and ignore it because of politics. SMH", 'It scares me people actually believe in China News Network (CNN)', "The next variant, ironically, will be Epsilon, which those of you who've read Brave New World will realise will be horribly appropriate given the cognitive level of the people who will suffer most from it.", 'Well said.', 'People in these states need to start suing these reps for dead relatives', "Yes k-8 elementary schools students needs to wear masks. Why... ahhh...so they don't get sick.. good enough reason.", 'reason why to vote blue in next years midterms.', 'And where did Hunter study?', 'Trump has done irreputable damage to this country and poisoned a large segment of uneducated and impressionable Americans. This is no longer a health crisis, but also a political crisis that threatens our national security as medical institutions are overwhelmed and social disorder increases.', 'The selfishness of some causing the death of others. Unbelievable.', "HEY....IF A BIG VARIENT COMES FROM A CERTAIN BIRTHDAY BASH THAT TOOK PLACE....CAN WE NAME IT THE BEYONCE' VARIENT? - JUST ASKIN", "People shouldn't have to suffer at all costs so some politicians can just beat Trump.", 'How come these people never talk about the border and the covid coming across the border. Is every report about slamming Republicians?', 'Love naming them after theses stupid politicians. BRILLIANT!!', 'Don´t Florida my Faucci. Epic response Mr. Acosta.', 'We are dealing with the consequences of letting covad invested illegals in the country thanks so much biden', 'You’re going to jail real soon Acosta', 'We should degrade republicans from homo sapiens, to some cave man status. The intelligence is just not there.', 'The next variant will be Jim', 'DeSantis Variant. Sounds like a joke but it’s pretty apt.', "I has no bering on the CoVid tragedy if the T-Hole politicians are smart or have nifty degrees. What does is their greed and lust for power. They're saying whatever they have to to get votes...it's as simple as that.", 'Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities', '“Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty or safety!”\nBenjamin Franklin.', 'These are decadent times friends.', 'Hey, if Covid is the only cure for the MAGA virus than so be it 🤷🏾\u200d♂️', 'Darwin wrote a book about this...', "I didn't know Florida was a border state.", 'Science,you mean giving money to china so that in the end they an rig elections', 'Nasal vaccines are approved in some countries — such as the US, where some people can get the flu vaccine as a mist sprayed up their nose.', "I thought parents would die for your their kids? But they won't take a vaccine. I just don't understand putting kids or anyone else at risk. Just get the damn vaccine", 'Hey Jim,   Could you please\nReport on Obamas super spreader bday event last night in the Hamptons?', 'nice selective reporting CNN - what a bunch of peanuts', '"The Science" is not to be confused with actual science.', '4:11 Ah yes, this is what my mother, who lives in Virginia, has been parroting. She is convinced that the recent massive uptick in COVID cases is all because of immigrants. If the border was secure, then ignoring everything the CDC advises would be totally fine.', 'Desantis is the problem, vote him out, Florida, so your people can vote for someone who cares for their well being.', 'Too much money spent on the military and the police, too little money spent on education. Double teacher’s salaries, cut stupidity in half. How can a sane person use a smart phone to go anti-science?', 'Jimmy gets fifteen minutes of his own show so his mom can see that he does stuff other than working on the street corner.', 'And babies dont have to die to "own the christains."', 'Isnt this the only guy on the face of the earth to get expelled from the white house hearings? 😂', "I'm a Republican and I've been vaccinated and I wish everybody would get the vaccination", "ANOTHER 13 GUNNED DOWN ON CHICAGO'S SOUTH SIDE ...  AGAIN", '3 WORDS - GAIN OF FUNCTION', 'C-SPAN democrat-controlled from top to bottom', 'they are smarter then you, but talking heads can say anything without any rebuttals', 'The only thing they’re owning is their own ignorance', 'The world has gone mad…', "I can't disagree with anything Jim's saying.  But journalists publishing their personal opinions (& biases) offends my confidence int he profession.  I've witnessed how Mr. Acosta has been mistreated while he was doing his job.  I found that offensive.  This is also offensive, though not to the same degree.", 'Self centered egotistical propagandist!  No wonder on 7 people watch your channel. And they include the poor folks having to work the camera, sound and lighting.', 'Sometimes I wish Republicans would be aloud to riot, loot, burn & murder. At least after we were done the country would be a better place to raise our children with democrats 6 feet under', 'The standards for Harvard, Stanford and Oxford don’t seem to be very high if these guys went there.', 'We should all be fighting against the virus, not the vaccine', "Sounds like Jim acosta is reading from Alyssa Milano's script this guy has as much personality as a brick. No wonder they had him as a field reporter but they had no choice to bring him in studio because CNN had to let so many employees go because of their poor pathetic ratings.", '45 people shot in Chicago in a 24 hour period. Lightfoot and her toadies need to go.', "Its not the governor's fault in Florida and Texas! But Joe Bidens policies!", '“Fear sells” - Jim Acosta', 'That why they need locked up now', 'Let’s call the corona virus the fouci virus lol can’t wait til he’s locked up', 'DON’T DEATHSANTIS MY FLORIDA !', 'I’m driving alone in my Prius masked up, and I agree with this.', 'anyone saw chris? 😂😂😂😂😂', "Who in their right mind listen to  this guy?.  Not at all. Don't  watch that kind.", 'And what wrong with that No vaccine for kid Good idea You know his family is fully vaccinated', 'American undertakers fully support the GOP and are looking forward to seeing them fairly soon...', "The closer CNN's map gets to the Mexican border the redder the map gets. I wonder why?", 'The democrats are so confused', 'Sen J Kennedy is going to be responsible for many deaths. Why nail your colours to that mast.', 'Well, Jim. Odd that you care about the little people now. Of course, I bet you are using your racist-colored glasses to make yourself feel better.', 'I hope he goes to visit those classes of unmasked children.', 'Not here to fight with anyone. Are the vaccinations FDA approved?', "It's nature's way of thinning the herd.  The problem isn't covid it's a very large population of morons.", 'Studies are coming out the vaccinated are the reason of the delta variant.', "So what's the difference with someone who had corona and doesn't get the vaccine with someone who never got the covid and got the vaccine? The person without the vaccine has the natural antibodies which is better fighting the variant", "Desantis should remember that Florida is a 'stand your ground' state.", 'If the ppl in the country do nothing about these politicians deciding who lives & dies then so be it!!', 'Screwing up the vaccine response, managing covid ,thats just another political ploy to try and hurt President Biden,  who btw is doing an OUTSTANDING JOB🇺🇲💙', 'Many years ago I was a Republican.  Many years ago and far far away.', 'I wonder what Harvard thinks about the way DeSantos is acting?', '"People shouldn\'t have to die so some politicians can \'own the libs.\'"  But they are."Some" R politicians are killing people.', '“Every word of God proves true;\n    he is a shield to those who take refuge in him.” – (Proverbs 30: 5) –\n\nSo that we shall never have to worship and pray in the way of religions; not even in the way of the pope or Christianity; because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets who are misleading us. When Jesus alone (in the name of Immanuel) is the Son of man and the true Prophet who was sent by the Lord God, to be always our one Teacher…\n\n These are the words of the Lord God: \n“I will raise up for them a prophet like you [Moses] from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth.” – (at Deuteronomy 18: 18) –\n\n“Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: A young woman is with child, and she will bear a son, and will call him Immanuel.” [“God is with us”] – (The Prophet Isaiah 7: 14) –\n\n“If you have ears to hear, then hear.” – (Jesus, in the name of Immanuel, the Messiah, at Mark 4: 23) –\n\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\n\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\n\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\n\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\n\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\n\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\n\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \nThis is how you should pray:\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\nGive us today our daily bread, \nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \nAmen. \nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\n\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\n\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) –\n\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\n\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\n  \n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\n\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\n\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\n\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \n\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\n\n"Stay awake, and pray that you may be spared the test: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." – (Matthew 26: 41) –\n“However, when he comes who is the Spirit of truth; he will guide you into all the truth.” – (John 16: 13) –\n\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20)\n\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Monday the 9th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', 'This is being used to divide.', 'and so it all ends not with a bang but a wimper', 'So is there a law saying they cant where masks', 'Ron "DethSantence" is too busy killing floridians to remember that Florida doesn\'t border on Mexico. In a GQP horror movie, Ron would be the guy standing in the kitchen with a bloody knife while everybody looks outside for the killers 🤡🤡🤡', 'Greene is a waste of space and DeSantis is criminally negligent!', 'I pray for the day that CNN only reports on the weather', "People shouldnt have to die for politics?  If people didn't die, there would be no politics.  Politics is WHY we exist.  Jesus demonstrated this as The Lamb.  Trump will demonstrate this as The Lion.", "We should note here that the vast majority of people who are telling you NOT to take the vaccine.....took the vaccine. \n\nAnd not just them but their immediate families as well. There's a reason snake oil salesmen don't dip into their own product.", 'You sure do have a lot of crazy people elected to office, and I live in Italy! 😂', 'Acosta when do you retire?', 'dear lord ! ok guys listen up its time seriously not playing around anymore if the military doesn’t act now there will be no turning back arrest them now!!!! the military must take action today not tomorrow today not tomorrow this is the last time i will help with anything next will be the force of god|', 'Is that the best angle you can come up with. Hey! Guess what? The people in Florida. They love their Governor. This will continue to be irrelevant so long as the border crisis continues.  The Dems while ignoring that and finding new "variants" to push down our throats. It is a total disgrace with Kamala doing nothing. Their solution is just to flood the country with these people. They are only counting votes not lives.', 'Those politicians are putting on a reality show for their supporters, straight out from the ExMan’s play book.', '"Buy my merch!" - DeathSantis. 🙄\nJosh Hawley is a loser.', 'Science, science, science. You sound familiar. America the land of the free 😜', 'Covid will be here until 2030', 'GOP smart guys love foolish supporters.', 'Well good news no one is gonna die to own the libs.', 'My observation throughout this pandemic has been that over-ruling scientists in court is FINE, legislators with zero experience side lining out reach workers (Dr. Fiscus), SCOTUS made some of the worst decisions re places of worship.', 'Not taking them experimental shots or boosters.  I choose dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery.', 'Apparently the Delta Variant Plus Plus Plus Plus Plus only affects lefties.', 'Let’s walk into restaurants with no shirts, no shoes, no pants, no masks to help these idiots understand.', 'The fact this known serial liar is still on tv is astonishing', 'jim is so smart and so in tune on what is going on, he should have his own show', '2 WORDS - NANO PARTICLES', "Acosta I would like you to ask Biden about his superspreader open border policy and find out where it's being shipped to. In the meantime the fear-mongering can stop. We all are adults and we all have the right to choose. And if you want to go after me and my livelihood because I don't make the same Choice as you be my guest. But seeing as how you wanted to up the ante so much I'm sorry if I happen to miss livelihood and hit something else in your court. Stop threatening me for my own personal choices. Despite dr. Fauci claim it's not the right of everybody in existence to never get sick that's not how the world works. The people noticed Obama's party. I'm sure the virus will obviously curtail Its Behavior naturally because Obama and his guests are so sophisticated. You and your buddies really need to pull your noses out of your Collective asses. A spike in cases of an illness is not a spike in deaths stop fear-mongering.", "Acosta guess we're your going? You join the wrong team buddy... Pray for you.....", 'This Acosta clown would give Col. Aleksandr Viktorovich Golyev a run for his money', 'Lol, love the idea of naming the new variants after GOP members!', 'People should be forced to take an untested vaccine either.', 'COVID cases….COVID cases!….Deaths???', 'The demon leader Trump sending the republic party all into a burning hell may God help us', "Desantis is the best governor in America.   Thank you governor Desantis for letting people make their own decisions.  It's really sad that any True American would be ok with vaccine and mask mandates.  But then also be against showing ID to vote.    You can't make this shit up.   These people are delusional.", '5:18 only thing they learned was probably to bend the facts as it suits their agenda.', 'Children are wearing masks in school all over the world! Who voted this guy in anyhow?', 'Posted on June 22, 2021 by State of the Nation:\r\nDeath rate from variant COVID virus six times higher for vaccinated than unvaccinated, UK health data show.\r\nHospitalizations are also higher among thousands of fully vaccinated individuals who test positive for the Delta COVID ‘variant of concern.', 'hawley : "fear and intimidation... about covid"\r\npeople : "cope as you can hawley... you are dancing between the fear of trump and the fear of the january 6th investigation...  no escape for you... so, meanwhile, feel free to whine about covid" :-)', 'As a old white guy 61. I see my generation is insane. It’s a shot? Not a tattoo.', "There can be no 100% safe vaccine, never has been and probably never will be.  All medicines have some side effects and possibly unforeseeable results.  That's every vaccine, every prescription drug, every OTC medication - all of them.  For that matter, everything you eat drink and breathe impacts your health in one way or another.  That's just biology.\n   The FDA should finally give its official blessing within the next month.  But recognize that the FDA gave that EUA only after hundreds of thousands of test subjects had already demonstrated its remarkable efficacy and low side effects.  And now we have tens of millions of data points, all supporting that original determination.  Because vaccination interrupts so many individual points of community spread, it is the most effective means of forcing any virus to burn itself out.  Did you notice how the flu rates were so remarkably low this past year?  Guess why?  Lots of masking, lots of social distancing, and lots fewer social contacts.  Science should be believed and followed because science works. \n   Breakthrough infections after vaccination are to be expected, especially if surrounded by lots of non-vaccinated people who increase exposure rates when they get infected.   Breakthroughs occur within the Alpha strain as well.  (What do you think 95% effective meant in the first place?)  The Delta Variant is so transmissible, though, that it breaks through vaccine defenses more frequently, but with one giant difference from the non-vaccinated population.  Very few of those vaccinated folks will be hospitalized and almost none of them will die from it.  Now most hospitalizations and almost all deaths are from Delta infecting unvaccinated people.  \n   Recognize that our depleted health care system can barely handle the increased load from the Delta Variant.  How do you think it will cope with the inevitable procession of dangerous Variants now brewing in billions of human incubators.  That clock is ticking ever louder.  We are in deep doodoo and cannot afford to continue screwing this up, friends.  If you have influence, please exert it in service of the common good.  We need each other now more than ever.   \n   I must ask why do some of you believe you know more than the entire medical community?  You are playing Russian Roulette both with your own well being as well as your loved ones.  Please consult your doctor or local experts and stop waiting for absolute certainty.  Viruses never sleep and Variant mutations will never stop unless we choose to cooperate to stop them.", 'Sorry Jim - your credibility, CNNs, and all of the fake news media literally just swirled down the shitter when Obama had his Tik Tok party this past weekend and no one from the fake news even raised an eye.  Who needs a mask?  All you need is a healthy dose of “sophistication” just Obama’s closet family and friends.', 'ah man no stories from cnn on obama and his super spreader birthday party? everyone indoors and not wearing masks , democrats dont have self awareness and hold others to standards they themselves would never follow', 'The next variant is called lambda already and has been found in Texas, South Carolina, and Lousiana \U0001f972\U0001f972\U0001f972\U0001f972\U0001f972\U0001f972', 'Them dying to own the libs works for me. Shows dedication to their cause and I get a chuckle', 'Jim stick to the woke world of sports and leave the rest to the adults.', 'At this time mask up or stay home! 🙏😷💉', 'That is so absurd. Letting people live their lives FREE is our constitutional RIGHT. Get your vax if you want, then you’re protected. Wear a face diaper if you think it protects you. Everybody’s happy.   Yaaaaayyyyyy', "Imagine getting ALL OTHER vaccines up until this one and then refusing it. Can't relate.", 'The wealthy Texas landowners can pay for a fukin border!', 'Dlta ragging accross America? Where? I dont see it or hear about it! Ive talked to family and friends from all over the US and no one is seeing this! People need closer pay attention!', 'Why wasn’t Anyone wearing masks at Martha’s Vineyard? You guys have to answer these questions or you going to look like liars…', "Just think, we've gone from Walter Cronkite to absolute fools like this guy in less than 45 years of TV news.", "Mecosta at the boarder, says he doesn't see a problem", 'So many people are leaving New York and California and moving to Florida and Texas. I wonder why??', "Just heard Jim Acosta wants to name stains of covid for Republican Governors that don't lock down their respective states. Great idea. Perhaps we should rename venereal diseases for CNN reporters as well.", 'Congratulations he was able to hide a smirk for almost 7 minutes', "Adults if you're scared, stay home! My kids shouldn't have to suffer because you choose to live in fear!", 'No man is an island. We are all part of society, with its benefits, and responsibilities. Getting vaccinated is not just for you, but also for everyone else. Stop being selfish', 'I have a idea. QUIT MANIPULATING THE NUMBERS. I have proof', 'I will never get the Vaccine! Like I would never vote Democrat ever', 'Blessed are the non-vaccinated for they shall inherit the Earth.', 'Yeah because Biden be sending covid positive peeps to replublican states lol', "I wonder how those people aren't getting charged with manslaughter with their positions of power causing harm to the population while they know better.", '100% done with democrats.', 'Anybody seen COVID?', 'Well then the media should stop broadcasting the lies in real time and repeatedly thereafter. Maybe stop giving idiots a platform. This is the media whipping up controversy for ratings. Period.', 'Listen to omniscience over science.', "My kid just turned 5 in July and she has had ZERO issues ever wearing a mask in public.  She thinks it's irresponsible to not wear one and understands why it's important to wear one she takes PRIDE in wearing one.  Why sell our kids short on wearing masks they're not incompetent they can be lifted up in wearing one to feel like they are doing a big part in saving lives by wearing one.  It's all in how you raise your kids just be positive about it and they'll do the same.", 'Did you guys cover Obama’s 700 person bday party?', "This is harsh, but let's not waste government money on hospitalizing folks who refuse to be vaccinated and/or wear a mask. Period. \n\nOf course, if you are immunocompromised, and cannot be vaccinated, that's a totally different situation.", 'Jim - put the dunce cap on and go sit quietly in the corner. Thank you.', "well, what to say, at least in florida we have rights, we are not control by the Comies, if we want to DIe to be it, we have that right, we don't need or want to be control like children..", 'DeSantis is Offering the Children of\nFlorida to Appease the Devil to Help\nhim get into Whitehouse.  👹', 'Obama had a £12 million birthday party just the other day', 'No mention of the unvaccinated strolling through our southern border. Why not?', 'REPUBLICANS...CHALLENGE ACCEPTED', 'The kn95 is all made in China with pharmaceutical Americans brand names on it. Am using one true', "WHY doesn't Fauci sue DeSantis for using his name for profit?????", 'People are free to choose whether they want to comply or not comply. We live in the United States of America where we have many freedoms that my brothers and sisters have sacrificed their lives for. So take your mandates and place them where the sun doesn’t shine.', 'Absolutely absurd and ridiculous propaganda right here I mean wow', 'IF ONLY THESE CORPORATE SHILLS TOLD THE TRUTH....IF ONLY.....BUT -- WELL......THATS WHY ITS ALL GOTTA GO....ALL OF IT', 'Religious people show up at people’s front doors all the time.', "DeSantis is sounding more like a Trump supporter every time he open his mouth. The man don't like the truth when it's put right in front of him.", 'Agreed....what Cuomo did is messed up', 'Why is it the Republicans keep fueling this fire', 'There is not even a delta variant test . Call your local Walgreens or doctor and ask for one. Where is the CDC getting their data from?', "they cut the bit from Desantis that explains thousands of illegals testing positive for covid being bussed and dropped off in McAllen Tx, that's what he was referring to when talking about the border. y'all are American pravda", 'This man is willing to sacrifice the lives of people in his state for his own political ambition. This is so sad. I am sure he himself is vaccinated.', 'Can u guys jus please report instead of putting a twist on things? Please and thank u - the American public', 'Jim Acosta....truth, thank you!', "But owning the libs is so profoundly crucial. In fact, it's their whole agenda.", "😂😂😂 he's a child", 'To all MAGAs, you have my permission to "own this lib." 🤣🤣😂😅', 'So another jerk died believing in lies.', 'I thought this lobbyists left cnn?', "Don't DeathSantis my U.S.A.!!!!!", 'CNN:   blah blah blah...blah blah...blah\n\nThe same lines every single day for 5 years.   I mean it is almost like groundhog day', 'Kids wearing masks- oh the horror!', 'I bet those three guys from GOP have been vaccinated themselves already..like Trump..', 'I am sorry but has anyone came forth with a study (not opinion)  that Masks do a damn bit of good?', "People can get the vaccine or not. Let them make the decision to take a chance of getting sick or not or maybe dying from it. The pandemic will end when theres no one left to infect and it'll burn itself out. Let the people make their own choice. For kids their gonna have to wear a mask and if parents don't want them to they can home school their children.", "And Jim Acosta can take your Delta variant and shove it where the sun don't shine", 'The Republicans idea of "Winning & owning  libs"  looks an awful lot like   ignorant  F A I L U R E.', 'They Live 👀', 'No, we should just own the libs all the time.', 'Is that what’s happening? Because that’s not what’s happening.', 'The border was the same when trump was n office', 'Awe, DeSantis and his little tiny suit... he looks like he should be in a commercial trying to raise money for the Shriners Hospital', 'Acosta pretending to be a journalist.', 'Elite universities that their parents donated to these are the most ignorant educated people running our damn country WTF', 'Until the southern border is closed Democrats can just SHUT UP.', 'The Death DeSantis Variant', 'All those who choose not to get vaccinated then buck it up stay home when your sick and ride the storm.  Give our medical staff a long vacation they deserve it!!!', 'The Science™', "Qanon really doesn't like Jim Acosta eh?", "Jim Accosted is the problem .Why aren't you talking about Chi Town Jim ! Aren't you the one that was giving everyone hell because of saying it was from China ?", 'No one listens to Acosta the poster child of all that is wrong with this country', 'These fools are not even one to be speaking about science they deny it....', 'You are a complete fraud - please stop dividing and profiting from that division …', "He is a madman and doesn't care who dies.", "Ha! This proves just because you're educated doesn't mean you are smart.", 'Acosta, no news about women abuser Cuomos ?', 'Vote blue!  Get rid of the fools.', "MTG is not to bright. I bet she couldn't pass a 5th grade test!", "All the big Dems are partying, taking photo-ops maskless....where's the criticism, CNN?   One Partty news", '*Is this guy a Crackhead?*', 'Any way people do what they want  no matter what you or CNN says.', 'This can be easily understood in terms of a cult and not logic', "Don't force them to wear Masks DeSantis if you and their Parents want them to die then do exactly what DeSantis says put your selfish selves ahead of your children I could care less as long as I'm vaccinated and my children are vaccinated I don't give a darn about the people who don't want the vaccine", 'Oh you mean like letting COVID positive people just flow in the southern border?', 'Debbie, bet I am a better person than you.', 'Nobody is listening Acosta. Mind your own medical business', '“If you don’t want to take the vaccine, don’t take it” That fool and his family are already vaccinated.', 'All of you had not had the inkling the Republicans are psychopathic serial killers…now you know!', 'You will never not be able to not wear a mask', "Why doesn't he shut the border?", "Why don't the people of Florida take the Governor to Court?..  it's wrong that he black mails counties in preventing safety measures at the local levels?", "Listen to the science? Bruhh the only science of this virus is in a lab...maybe we would have had more info if you didn't defend China at the time.", 'Tyrannical government.', 'Acosta this flaccid member of mine', 'He telling them to get the hell out of our business and quit destroying american ways of life.', 'The fact that those universities still endorse or even allow Deathsantis to keep his Yale degree', 'Trump oversaw the creation of the vaccine.....ty actual President Trump', 'Tell us? How many people have died here recently? Seems like you stopped reporting that.', 'More negative coverage of conservatives, more fake news jim. 2 thumbs down.', 'is this about obamas superspreading birthday party?', "'forcing' kids to wear masks like theyre 'forcing' kids to be alive", 'They can win against the libs after death', 'Schools should offer the vaccination', 'Women should be able to go to work without Democrat governors groping them too', 'Come here to California its soooooo much better ....Just give up your rights and your good to stay...thanks newsome', 'They’ll do anything to “own the libs”. They can’t beat us on policy and economic issues, so they resort to “owning the libs”', "Didn't ya all Love Obama's B day Bash.  I wonder if they were following the science with all of the unmasked people hugging each other.", 'The "Acosta" variant or CNN variant are worst🤮🤮👿'], ['Looking on USA as an outsider, seems your country is in a cold war with itself', '“Low blow,” translates to truth…. The way they edit his speech is such bs!', 'I love DeSantis. Hilarious.', "Desantis doesn't want federal help, so oblige him, reduce federal funds to base amount and run commercials stating they are respecting Florida's state rights.", "It would help if you showed everything Desantis said instead of simply cropping what fits your narrative. His response to Biden was perfect though considering Biden can't seem to make it through a simple speech....", 'When the news is funnier than comedy you know we’re screwed. However HAHAHAHAHAHAH', 'CNN cutting out “Until you do something about the border” in the “I don’t wanna hear a blip from you about Covid” quote is peak US propaganda', "I live in Florida and I will never vote for DeSantis again.  He's sacrificing lives for political reasons.  Trump 2.0", 'So, pointing out the obvious that grandpa\'s brain is on a constant short circuit is considered a "low blow"??? What\'s equally hilarious is this is coming from the very same network that dedicated 4 years to demonizing the president because he didn\'t have the right letter following his name.', 'That rapid-fire editing of his words tho', "It's so cringey how they edit Desantis' speech 1:20", 'I could care less about politics, but it disturbs me how highly edited that DeSantis segment was. It goes to show you to believe nothing that you hear and only half of what you see. The media is disgraceful.', '“Governor who” - Biden (time) .\n\nI suppose it would not occur to these groupthink news shills who fired the first… \n “low blow (jab😎) shot . \n\nAll puns intended .', 'CNN. Show the entire clip of DeSantis. Once again you mislead your viewers.', 'Lol, telling him to do his job is such a "low blow" 😂😂😂', 'There is so many people moving to Florida and Texas its crazy, and the hospitals still aren\'t "over run" thats a lie everyone just wants they\'re freedom', "Biden is not fit for office!!! We all-seeing and hear his speech/ slurs, slips, incoherent talk, Jesus he can't finish a complete thought !!!", "Governors , teacher's and parents. Should focus on children's safety first. Leave the ignorance behind.", 'Nice editing CNN. The Governor said “ UNTIL YOU CLOSE THE SOUTHERN BORDER I DONT WANNA HEAR A BLIP” LIARS!', 'The “low blow” was “governor who”. If you want  the governors full response you can’t get it here.', 'Apparently attacking a republican governor and then pretending you dont know who he is when he responds to you is according to CNN not a low blow lol but there not bias there not demkcrat activists lol there fair and balanced news hahahaha', "Biden is so disrespectful and unprofessional. Governor who? That's not even a little funny. What a jerk.", "There should be a revolution solely on CNN for the bull**** they put out. It's that bad.", 'Funny how CNN did the video cuts of his speech, he spoke about how Biden forgot about the border etc, he also said we will not be a bio medical security state. #floridafreestate #dontbeasheep', 'How is it a low blow?  Biden took the first shot with his cheap “governor who?”', 'He is only going after public schools, not going after private or charter schools. He also had a secret meeting to speak about masks in public schools, but did not have a single representative present from the public schools (not administrators, superintendents or parents).  He is so like Don with the bullying.', 'Oh cool short! Thanks for advertising it so I know to buy it CNN', 'CNN sensorsed all of what DeSantis actually said. Go look up the real press conference to get the full context.', 'Their was a LOT LOT of editing on the desantis clip', 'Biden is a old senile men, Desantis a young strong men, i put my money on Desantis, the new President.?', "I'm curious to see what they're going to say. Let's remember the governor response and his responsability . For our children's safety first. Vax works. And vaccination will keep school's open safely. Nothing wrong about masks requirements.", 'The Libs are beside themselves trying to cover for Biden and his lies.  You tell 1 lie, you need to tell 5 more to cover the one.', 'After 6 years of nonstop media screeching about trump, now you care about "low blows"?', 'Biden was chosen for his cognitive function or lack there of. Does anybody think any of his policies are his decisions? I doubt he dresses himself.', 'Soviet : lose cold war\nUSA : lets create new cold war here', 'When there is a fire or gas leak, they send students outside until the issue is fixed.  This is much more serious than that, so what is he doing?', "thanks to DeSatan, Florida is a unique place... a petri dish! The worst part is that he, along with his family, are already vaccinated! The hospitals here in Florida are so overloaded they can barely handle what's going in their emergency rooms. There are no rooms available in south florida hospitals le Baptist South.", 'The Biden administration and the Socialist Democrats must really be afraid of Gov. DeSantis and what is to happen in the Future.  Starting to "low Blow" him 4 years in advance', 'Biden Harris and Pelose need to move out of the way for America', 'If you listen to CNN....you are part of the problem.', "This is when you know someone's on the ropes - they start whining ad hominems", 'Don’t take the vaccin people love from Sweden❤️', "I'm certain the number of positive cases is actually higher. My whole family in Fl got Covid-19 but out of 9 people only 3 tested. This 3 were positive for covid. The other 5 either refused to get tested or their parents didn't feel the need to test the children.", '"I used to drive an 18 wheeler, man"', "Wasn't a low blow, not in reality anyways.", "You failed to show the whole DeSantis interview.  He told Biden to do his job and secure the border because people are coming into our country who are Covid positive and distributed throughout the US.  That certainly isn't helping the spread of the virus.  Sad that people are suffering from all political agendas.", 'I love how they cut every moment of cheering for the governor, they even cut his sentence together to avoid the clapping through his words. Lovely.', "Low blow? Y'all are the kings of low blow.", 'Secure the border hypocrites', 'I really amaze how cnn host can put up a straight face while reading this “news”, bravo ✌️', 'Hahaaaa Florida is fine, more fake news.... love it here we are almost free and no mandate no problems proud to be a Floridian right now', 'Governor Who? The guy that should have your job old man!', 'Lying and dividing American CNN we’re onto you. You.', 'We’re doing great here in FL', 'Ron Desantis is an American hero in the fight against comunism.', 'Desantis was wrong from the very start. Everyone with COMMON SENSE can see it. But as they say, "common sense is not so common." I\'d say he is partly, if not fully, responsible for the high cases of covid19 and the deaths of his OWN constituents.', '”CNN strikes a \'low blow\' to the American people with their terrible reporting sources say..."', 'Round em up!  Oh the virus is already doing that.', 'this is a dark time for us all... that our public officials are in office to protect us, but instead are killing their own voters, and the rest of us despite the experts advice.', 'Wow. Never seen cnn cut more shit out of a video. To be considered an honest network. How about starting with showing the whole thing. Not two second clips where your leaving the important parts out. 👍🏻', "Laredo, Texas mayor says Biden admin must 'send resources' to border towns - YouTube", "Why not play full statement of governor, looks like there's lot cut off... wondering what that might be?🧐🤔", 'Protect the federal employees. Winter is just around the corner. Healthy person might hold back some crocro, but when flu season gets here!? Its a one two knockout punch!?', "Surprising De Satanis hasn't come up with a law to block every (in and out) information regarding Florida' situation and Covid-19.", 'Wow.  You guys totally took DeSantis out of context with creative editing.  Totally dishonest reporting here.', "That no vaccine is 100% free of side effects (like Guillain Barre syndrome) is also a fact and that's why vaccines need to remain a choice and *NOT* a mandate", 'dear lord ! what are people, who care for a relative with memory loss, supposed to do when they must drive from their own home to the person they care for, to give daily medicine, and oversee their doctor appointments, groceries, etc.|', "Democracy is supposed to guarantee a peaceful transition of government. I guess that isn't going to work anymore.", 'Why did you cut the pertinent information between "Do your job"...and..."I don\'t want to hear a blip about covid from you."   That\'s just wrong.', "😂 how was it a little blow to question his thinking faculties when the president didn't even remember who Governor DeSantis was", '"I\'m Joe Biden and I\'m Joe Bidens husband."', 'People have the same look when they forget where they are.  "What white house?"', '"LOW BLOW\'    CNN gives Republicans low blows every day. YOU KNOW WHO BLOWS CNN.....Pamela Brown', 'It’s exactly where Biden is as low as he can go !', "At least it will be fewer republicans when it's to vote that's one positive 👍", 'thanks god ,"will this include the pope who organized the vote manipulation propaganda ? you can’t arrests half of the democrats and allow the rest to remain free', 'Yes , for Desantis!!!!!!', 'Why is CNN so scared to show DeSantis FULL speech? They ALWAYS edit things they don’t want you to know the truth about.', '"Ron DeSantis kicks Biden\'s ass in roast battle"\nThere, fixed the title for you', 'Wow cnn just clipped out desantis’s words about the border.  Thousands of cases of covid are coming over the border, the Hippocrates are not hard to find.', 'dear god , massmedia bulls eye, more fire 🔥|', 'Did he ask NYGov. for help last summer as cases grew in his state?  What is he doing?', 'Desantis is such a Chad lol', 'Biden has invited all this covid strain with the open boarder of over 2 million illegal crossings.its a complete disaster at our southern boarder and CNN will not even breathe the truth...', 'Nice edit job CNN. Are you worried about playing the part when Desantis talks about Biden’s border disaster?', "Vascular dementia explains why sometimes Biden seems ok n others he's out his mind.. that's how vascular dementia works", 'More deaths in Chicago on a weekend', 'CNN using the phrase "low blow" 😂😂😂😂 what a clown network no wonder your ratings are tanked', "Wow they cut out the part that made sense.... Desantis said that until Biden stops importing covid at the border, then he doesn't want to hear a blip.  This channel is so biased", "That's old class ignoring someone  Biden so classic 👌", 'Revolution in space travel with a new endless drive without loss of mass with 1g at start slowly floating up in space under 1 year near c the speed of light with a ring accelerator for Hg Mercury like a small LHC so shot into a tube with water on the ring propels in the direction of fire when linear braking then with Hg  back and do the same again in the opposite direction against turning it up\n in the case of energy from HTR or cold fusion through Hg H → H impact fusion in water from the tube to whom shot fast enough as with the USA neutron generator with proton spallation to Hg-197 every 64h 50% epsilon decay gold.\n\n In addition, new CO2 turbines with FK compressor, return cooling of everything, thermally insulates all power plants with efficiency ≈ 100%.\n\n Sea Dragon - rocket from sea\n https://youtu.be/VixChkcDC2g\n\n 4 million pound cargo rocket\n https://youtu.be/-s5pK-VAteY\n\n Mars lander\n https://youtu.be/-s5pK-VAteY\n\n Landing on Mars\n https://youtu.be/C0lwFLPiZEE\n\n Zero carbon cycle double dense same tank size 700+ bar CNG out of electrolysis H2 + air CO2.\n CO2 easy & cheap out of air in gas centrifuge because more heavy than N2, O2 and argon for\n Sabatier process or used as fertilizer inside green house.\n\n A380 size airplane with 4 wings at front higher over plane body with 2 from 4 engines and high pressure CNG inside in middle of body most secure with more energy / kg than kerosene and tank O2 start booster.\n CNG also for trains and ships.\n\n Supported from Greta Thunberg also how to make zero carbon energy with cold fusion shooting Hg into water for Hg H → H punch fusion and zero risk cheap RBN Th pebble bed HTR with cubic boron nitride isotopes B-11 & N-15 + ThO2 baked inside  Etc.\n\n kayuweboehm @ yahoo de\n\n Without green energy surplus like in norway no CO2 reduction driving electric and plugin hybrid saves lithium (price doubled 2021).\n\n Extended with TiC or TiB2 shell outside with vacuum chambers isolation to Ti alloy shell inside for hypersonic & space flights.\n\n\nOwn suggestion for heat shield was outside TiC or TiB2 with vacuum chamber isolation to inner titaniiium alloy shell and using inner CNG/O2 gas expansion for cooling hypersonic airplane like A380 with 4 carrying wings at front set higher maybe over fuselage also with engines and 2. side ruder keeping upward trend high also for reentry that way less friction heat pealk and 700+ bar CNG tank inside in the middle securest place for airplane added also O2 start booster inside A380 big tube 4 ° 2 seats with middle way instead less wanted 3+4+3  and inner 2 • 2 seats night sleep modus change to 2 beds one upon other drawn down from 2 seats behind and separated smoker place standing tables near window\netc.\n\nTiB2 melts about 3239°C with less oxidation and id extreme hard means also early breaking but not with inner titaniuk alloy shell connected over thin vacuum chambers walls. Melting and welding in extreme pressure argon etc.\nTitanium down since 10 years and by myself new cheap with H2 reduction of TiO2 to TiH2 with CaH & heat theb over 1000°C if alloye  and rolled full decompostion to clean Ti+H2 better Kroll etc.\n\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Titanium_diboride\n\nk', '“Low blow” means the truth to CNN', 'Florida will soon have the highest percentage of people with natural immunity to covid.', 'From CDC: What about the unvaccinated African Americans (84%); Latinos (76%)??? We are calling out one state but many large cities with huge minority populations are raging with variant.', 'Escalation is inevitable as we lose our common values and beliefs.', 'That is some very selective editing', 'CNN cried 25th amendment for 4 years but now there’s a legit demented guy and they cover for him lol', 'The state SHOULD have more power than the federal government. Good on for DeSantis for recognizing this and not giving in to the federal governments attempts at overreaching. CNN is a joke.', '"Either play ball, or get out the way." - MSM', 'Awww is Biden and Jeff Zucker gonna cry?\n:(\nWhite House is big sad.', 'You cut out the part where DeSantis told Biden to close the southern border. Dishonest.', 'No, he\'s public "fund raising" off of this.  We\'ve heard your execs conference calls.  Keep beating your war drums......', "0:47 not only is he not listening to our orders but he's making money off not listening to us. \nCue Cartmans cry. 😖😫😭\n\nEdit: 1:38 And who made this map? what a joke knowing your viewers are ignorant with most things, including geography, scale, etc. Lets make a giant version of Florida and stick it over the USA in red. \nCNN editor: 😈 yessss.", 'Why is The left pushing mandates so hard?\n\nDo we not live in a free country where people should be able to make The decision of injecting a foreign substance into their body without being treated as a second class citizen?', "Does anyone else remember us was 15 days to flatten the curve so we don't overwhelm the healthcare system?? Well the systems not overwhelmed but the country is with government overreach! The new goal seems to be erratic are the disease totally before we get our lives back.", 'You noticed than CNN edited what he said, he also said Biden should do something about the border on many immigrants bringing in Covid', 'I wonder how many Floridians refuse to test themselves just to prevent the Florida number going up.. it seems like the idea that politics is more important than lives has stuck in the minds of trumpists too..', "Biden didn't forget who DeSantis is, Biden just disregarded desentas", 'They should look back in history at the first pandemic in 1918 they all wore masks then it dissipated after 2 years duh', 'Is this "low blow" the subject matter that a major news organization like CNN ignores?', 'A low blow, that’s how Harris got her start in politics.', 'This governor doesn’t care about your health and welfare. The least he could do is not to discourage you from taking the vaccine and do everything in his power that kids are safe when they go back to school. He just speak against it but no action. Well, you know what to do next election. I’m not saying vote for the other party but choose your candidate well.', 'This country has always been in a cold war with itself. We have never not had political civil war. Hell, this country was founded on civil war.\xa0\nThe urban, hyper-liberal, and humanitarian North and the rural, conservative, and egalitarian South could not even come together to sign a document of statehood without conflict', 'He will lose just like the other one did mainly because of something very similar.', 'CNN - your entire existence is a low blow.', "CNN can't air any video without editing it to fit their narrative. Stick with zoom calls- it's what CNN tools do best.", 'We getting close to be mandated to all who don’t want to be vaccinated. Government needs to make reservations to put all this people or we will have covid for decades…', 'Good for DeSantis, shame on CNN. Biden is in obvious decline, and should be removed from office.', 'yea DeSantis, sit there and make stupid jokes while people are being infected with Covid all over the state.  just literally do NOTHING like your King Chrump did. don’t do anything substantial.. god forbid you do anything GOOD for the people here in Florida!!', 'from an outsider  it is amazing that the government is not as one to look after the people', "They better be thankful this wasn't SARS from 2002 with a 9.5% kill rate. Oh, we're getting there. _It's not a matter of IF it will happen; it's a matter of WHEN it will happen._ Remember these words.", 'You have to listen to santis whole speech ...cnn cut out everything regarding the border...\nReally funny when us citizens cross the border they have to show a valid cov 19 test but the immigrants just cross the border. And then the WH wonders why the border states have an increase in covid\nFunny', 'Who wants to remember you De Santis 😏', '"I\'m joe biden, and I\'m running for US senate "', "The way you all treated 45 and you want to talk about low blows you should talk. Isn't it like the kettle calling the pot black.", 'Happy to live in Florida 👍🏻', 'Super editing. He said, I don’t want to hear a blip, until Biden locks down the borders.', 'Got to love how cnn cut of that part why don’t you do your job “secure the border”', 'Long live Desantis', "Funny, calling out the low blow as Biden's memory loss is purely an acute observation of your own beloved by your own eyes, in your own words @CNN. You and I both know the remark was about Biden's inability to follow through with his promises because he seems to forget what stance he claims in this political season. I mean I would too if I spent 55+ years as a career politician flip-flopping on key issues for political gain. Cutting clips for propaganda narrative is so last century... we have the internet and live streams now. You're gonna have to start telling the truth CNN. Don't CCP our America!", 'CNN still up to your same bull. Have you not learned your lesson about the lies you tell.', "What does the name Tori Amos translate to in every language?\n\nMushroomed we are the truth - army of darkness \nMy backyard Edson Alberta Canada\n\nThe Schism video by Tool is a series of camera tricks using an Edmonton Alberta Cemetaries Crypt as it's location. \n(107 113 by the brick/ 711)\n\nThat is me on hands on knees. Both of them.\nThat. Me standing there pulling myself apart taking those trolls off my face.\n\nThe thing that is pulled out of its neck is truthfully a replica of something I removed from a gay man's penis who I just found out had uploaded the footage of our sex on xvideos.\n\nI have made zero dollars from the songs I wrote and the videos I made that this record company makes money off of\n\nMy music\nMy video\nMe singing.\n\nMaynard James Keenan\nIs a fraud.\nMy lyrics.\nI made my video\nIt's my voice on the album\n\nThere you are center stage.\n\nI want my money.\nI was tortured with sex and malpractice by the government so you could pretend to be me\nAnd sing my songs \nThat I wrote and made the videos for.\n\nYour record label has 72hours to turn themselves into the military authorities.\n\nLA cops aren't responsible for fake famous ppl that have real celebrities y\nTortured in other countries so they can rub elbows with the people I would have met\nAnd spend my money that I worked for and never got.\n\nhttps://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZS4HUVYLNF0cpm6SUcHxUb1RRt0QSVO_", 'Lol Biden set himself up for that by saying "governor who?" when he\'s been obsessing over Desantis for the past week!', "If trump would've said governor who it would've been a laughing joke for a month these people are foolish", 'Low blow? Hmmm Biden checked him real good!', 'Just left Florida and 3 of my childhood friends are in ICU sorry they listened to the govoner. Save your life and get the shot', 'Deathsantos " DON\'T.  tell me about covid I don\'t want to here it" republicklans answer to pandemic people dying they DON\'T want to here it,it is what it is.', "It's amazing how much editing this station has to do to make THEIR point clear", "CNN keeps trying to force you to drink the kool-aid don't believe everything you hear from CNN", 'Go desantis!!', 'Cnn is unable to show the full video because it makes too much sense to rational people. We are living in idiocracy and the idiots are destroying the country.', 'Why don’t you play the whole clip where desantis says , I don’t want to here a blip about COVID until you fix the border crisis. Because cnn can’t ever tell the truth !', "I wish blue states segregate and have their little equilibrium, just to watch them fall apart.\n\nBut they won't cause they need the money. Ha...", 'We have a lot off Children governing our nation just cause their parents had wealth', 'People like the Florida governor complain about stimulus checks being handed out but yet he’s creating another reason I have another one😅😅😅🤪🤪🤪', 'A low blow? Come on man he took on cornpop! He was a bad dude!', 'How convenient for the press to leave out the part where DeSantis talks about Biden leaving the southern border open 😂', 'Liberty and pursuing happiness is now seen as an extreme idea.', 'I keep saying that where we need The Wall is across the Florida peninsula...', 'Everything about the Biden family is low life... so there is no choice but low blows.', 'The ongoing Roast.', 'But calling desantis and abbott Neanderthals isn’t a low blow? Sounds like you just don’t like the truth.', 'TYPICAL CNN *CUTS THE ENTIRE DESANTIS SPEECH* Just like 60 minutes did, just worse.', "Please try to remember that Democrat Cory Bush's life is more important than mine , yours or your children's. These are her words.  Good job Missouri !!! Relect Representative Bush!!", 'Wow. CNN delivers more edits and embarrassing takes on one of the only politicians who cares about American freedoms. \n\nNo wonder your "news" station is tanking.', 'No it\'s not. Florida just doesn\'t want to be involved in the "pandemic" propaganda', 'notice how if you look at the clip from the other side Ron Desantis also said before you get this border secure i dont wanna hear a blip about covid', '🇺🇸❤️Desantis', "You can't talk to a feeble old potato like that, real leader!  Cmon man!  (Sniffs child)    you know the thing!", "Low blow? You mean when Joe didn't think enough of DeSantis to remember his name? What a loser.", 'Take advantage of administative office in States build a warehouse to the store the corpses of Patients by covid-19', 'DeSantis playing politics fine...but do not play like a medical expert deciding how to handle the COVID crisis in your state. Lean on the expert.', 'Good for Desantis to rephrase the attack, since Biden cant event put two sentences together! “You know the uhm uhm uhm the thing!” 😂 “350 million vaccinated Americans!” 🤷🏻\u200d♂️🤦🏻\u200d♂️ Cant make this stuff up!', 'I have found the best way to convince people to your side of the table is to berate and insult them.  If that doesn\'t work, then accuse them of murdering innocent people.  It\'s all there in black and white, Dan Carnegie\'s NY Times best seller, "How to Win Friends and Influence People".', 'I love how CNN is literally then propaganda arm of the democrats now.  Lol', 'CNN also cut the part where DeSantis talked about Biden not securing the Border which is bringing Covid into the country. After that DeSantis said until they fix the Border He does not want to hear blip out of you"  How convenient for CNN to cut that part out.\nShame on you CNN', 'Just released 20% off illegal migrants test positive for covid then are shipped off to other states', 'That’s just two guys razzing each other. There’s no “low blow” by either side here.', 'joke bitMe - how many pushup can you do these days you loon? Joke and Huntress for prison!', 'That’s some pretty selective editing CNN.  Why didn’t you leave the part in about the border?  Nothing to see here move along.', "De Santis apparently didn't understand the sarcasm in Biden's response.", 'Cnn ratings are so low. It’s time to start telling the truth', 'That would be low blow Joe', 'Way to CNN the news up. You missed all the good stuff DeSantes had to say 🤣🤣', "I stand with Desantis. The only thing I will like to add to his message is one thing. Don't fauci my USA. Trial-based vaccines are not safe for humans. All those science worshippers science say trial-based vaccines are no good.", 'Impeach Joe Biden his incompetent and impeach Kamala Harris for the total disrespect for America on the southern border', 'lmao get em de santis', 'So this is a low blow but what Biden said was fair?', 'DeSantis makes more sense than ANY politician in Washington.....he gets it.\nmore CNN lies......I live in Florida. \nFlorida population is 20 times of Maryland.     Duh...', "I wouldn't call it a low blow, he was just aiming where the target was.", 'Desantis thinks hes such a good governor and doing such a good job and is all smart ass but his state is loosing citizens every day and over 100,000 people dead just this week and over 10,000 people in the hospital desantis is a joke.', "lmao they cut out the most important part from DeSantis' remarks. Can't believe I used to regularly watch this channel.", 'It’s not a low blow when it’s obvious 🤷\u200d♂️', 'Seems DeSantis is going to take a stab at the (R) nomination for President...', '“TOOBIN, QUIT JERKIN AROUND AND GET IN HERE! DESANTIS IS GAINING TOO MUCH PUBLIC SUPPORT. WE MUST ATTACK!” - Jeff Zucker on the bat phone', 'Dick Farrel, a former right-wing radio host in Florida and anchor on Newsmax TV, dies of Covid complications.  He "texted a friend and told them to \'Get it!\' He said this virus is no joke, \'I wish I had gotten it!\'" a friend wrote on Facebook.', 'De Santos is clearly forgettable. Lol. I live in Florida and forget about him all the time. Until he comes up with another scheme to kill more people. But the idiot republicans in this state live him... So.', 'A Florida pastor with the Impact Church is begging his parishioners to get vac.  six members of the church recently died from within 10 days.', 'DeSantis wants to run for president I think you should run and then just keep going and run clear through to China', 'What CNN considers a "low blow", the rest of America refers to it as "calling a spade a spade".', 'I will believe it when I see it.\t🤑\t|', "It's not a low blow it's the truth Joe doesn't know what is going on he is not up for the job that's clear", 'That’s a good questions what else has sleepy joe Biden forgot about', 'The repugs .. Know only how to insult and put everyone down how sad that there is no joy in their hearts such a miserable life.', 'Democrats: Covid is serious and deadly. \n\nAlso Democrats: Biden administration releasing thousands of unvaccinated illegals in to the country. 👎🤦\u200d♂️', 'Replay the town hall, no press secretary can fix that disaster.', 'Yes stop moving to FL! We are full of racists and Covid lol', 'Well feel free to go your own way, but you should be held personally responsible for the consequences should you be wrong about going against the best available known science..', 'Lol a “war of words” with DeSantis is the least of Biden’s problems.  He has _much_ bigger fish to fry.', "Nothing wrong with low blow, him Joe and cornpop go way back. C'mon Man!", 'Rob DeSantis fighting for freedom.', 'Great rebuttal from desantis 🤣🤣🤣', 'He’s not wrong even on cnn best y’all can get is a 1 to 1 ratio every other source is 5 to 1 or 10 to 1', "They hacked DeSantis' statement up worse than Vince from Slap Chop with an onion", 'Mental facilities \nClearly showing in Florida \nSomeone please go breathe  laugh, cough \nInto his private space', 'I got my shirt! This governor is the best I’ve ever seen! I love how he triggers all the liberals in this country and media!', 'DeSantis won by a knockout\nTRUMP / DESANTIS 2024', 'The ratio says it all lmao', '0:58 "Overruling the CDC even..."\n\nYou can\'t overrule those who have no authority on a matter to begin with though... (O_o)?', 'Biased reporting, yes?!', 'Me thinks dementia Joe and the dems are getting worried about the next election.', 'Funny thing the only views cnn get are the ones that are waiting for them to stop being biased.', 'We are at war in the United States and the Democrats will lose!', 'That was a low blow ? Seems pretty obvious Biden’s mind ain’t there, this media protection racket is getting old also', 'Yep just like the Democrats do-as-i-say-not-as-i-do you want us to wear masks and let you have open borders and letting people into this country that have never even been vaccinated go figure', '*1/87th of a 1.9 trillion dollars is  earmarked for actual infrastructure*', 'Nice editing on DeSantis.... again Cnn is full of BS', 'BiDen should use governor`s office states do not have lwas to prevent the spread  of covid19 ,used as a place to treat Covid-19 Patiens', 'With all the problems created by biden, the fact that people still watch cnn and msnbc is somehow scarier', 'Look at him. Say hello to my lil friend?! Crocro!!!!', 'Biden is useless ! Good for DeSantis!!', 'Only a sociopath would care so little about human lives!! DeSantis needs to be removed immediately from his position...either by impeachment, or by justifiably angry citizens!!!', 'If you think this isnt about DeSantis popularity and possible future elections then you probably think CNN is credible.', '“Never argue with a fool; onlookers may not be able to tell the difference.”\n― Mark Twain', 'Hasn’t Biden gone too low daily', '👋❤👏', 'I shouldn’t have clicked,I knew it was a trap,but I did it anyway,I will now hang my head in shame.\t🤒\t|', 'CNN = 100% Opinion, 0% Real News', '“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or timid” -Dwight Eisenhower, Almighty God help us', "If Biden insults the mental ability of a reporter we act like that's no big deal, but if anyone dares do the same with Biden it's a low blow?  Yea sure CNN.", 'Truth hurt Obiden! Get a cognitive test!!', 'Classic example of cutting out a speech to create a narrative', 'Bodily integrity is the inviolability of the physical body and emphasizes the importance of personal autonomy, self-ownership, and self-determination of human beings over their own bodies. In the field of human rights, violation of the bodily integrity of another is regarded as an unethical infringement, intrusive, and possibly criminal', 'Gotta start those hit pieces to get out in front of him potentially running for higher office. The establishment machine at work.', 'AOC IS ALSO MAKING MONEY SELLING T SHIRTS', "Totally Agree  with Gov. DeSantis!!!!!!!\nWe wouldn't  have a pandemic if the Biden Administration  would CLOSE THE BORDER!!!!!!!!!", 'Covid! "Border?" Really?🤡💩', 'THE SHEEP WILL BELIEVE YOU, BUT THE TRUTH WILL COME OUT', '"All of the hospitals are filling with covid patients"???! No. Patients with covid are coming in, yes. But the MAJORITY of patients in these hospitals - around 90% - have not tested positive for covid. Where did they find this guy and how much is Pfizer paying him??', 'I’m not surprise Communist National Network cut out most of Florida’s governor speech to create their false narrative', 'It’s Desantis now.', 'Like DeSantis said, stop people from coming in to our Country!', 'CNN tell the truth, govcamp at the border and do real reporting.  No more lies, conditions are real bad, send a team there and report about what you see.', 'Low blow???…That was a Head shot!…Great job Governor!!!!', 'All the numbers sited on the run are 100% incorrect, factually. No wonder this news network is losing viewership. Sad', "Dana,I don't take Orders from Sleepy Joe!", 'Just like DeSantis actually said close the border and stop worrying about my state that’s where all the Covid’s coming from OPEN BORDERS!!!!', 'Biden is a P-Dough File.', 'The totally edited the whole conversation too look one-sided.', 'Since when is truth considered a "low blow"?? Just pack up and quit. Nobody believes your propaganda anymore!!!', 'Low blow? Lol y’all getting soft. Ron 2024', 'Im not from the states but looking at it it looks like your country is imploding!!!!', 'CNN knows all about "low blows."', 'Gotta give props to CNN editing skills. Lmao.', 'Take notes Joe Bidet. USA needs DeSantis right now  🇺🇸', "Withhold all federal block grants and money from Florida until they comply. Trump did this to blue states for 4 years for just voting blue. DeSantis is killing his own citizens, Republicans are doing the same, and the far right continue to spread conspiracy as people die. Seriously, why don't these people care? They are taking away our freedom of wanting to remain healthy and alive.", "Jeez... better look into the information you're spewing, CNN. That's a lot of thumbs down.", 'I salute Ron, no surrender no retreat', 'I like how it takes the press secretary to do a come back lmfao', "DeSantis said last yr...''No One from NY can come Here''...well I'm saying This yr...''No One from Florida can Come Here(NYC)''....thank u...now, it's been said...", 'All politicians should be term limited; take the power away and what you get are decisions that aren’t motivated by selfish politics', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'Funny, Biden rejected the vaccine when Trump was in office.  The SAME vaccine!', 'That wasn’t a low blow. That was hilarious!', "This is news? Who on planet Earth thinks Biden is mentally all there?  The Biden keeps sending new COVID cases, and the new COVID variants throughout the United States.  There's your problem right there.", 'Everyone in America already had Covid by now!!!!!! Geezus', 'hmmm   LOL: Politico Staffers Pursue Unionization in Response to My Article - YouTube', 'A war of words with DeSantis?, get serious.  He has no vocabulary.', "I'm impressed with the amount of misinformation coming from the station.", "Go DeSantis !!! 🇺🇲\n\n* Remember this: It is harder to get into a NYC restaurant to eat vs getting into the country illegally at the southern border... Let that sink in.... Also I live in Florida and I got covid 19 delta variant and guess what ? I'm still here typing this comment, covid 19 all it did was give my a sore throat, and a cold and that was it, what a joke the media turned it into !!! I was only sick for only 4 days too. 🤣", 'he has his act together', 'I wrote the stories Disneyland uses for their theme park.\n\nWhat letter of what alphabet is a Mickey?\n\nHewey Dewey and Louis are what letters of what Alphabet?\n\nHarry potter characters are named after what letters of what language?\n\n3 little pigs - 6 differences = uncle scrooge\n\nSnakes on planes - trains - sharknado\n\nBlank spaces transmutate world processes using logical equations found at the Casino.\n\nOceans eleven 12 13\n\nUsing these words in the Blank spaces (Readers digest article to mass produce literature due to water parasite global problems):\n\nGoogle\nFacebook\nTwitter\nInstagram\nMicrosoft \n\nNever very something. Nothing very right\nNothing left\nNowhere very wrong\n\nSomething very wrong\nSomeone very right\nNo one very left.\n\nVery = (.)\n\nNothing =\nNowhere =\nNever =\nNo one =\n\nNothing (.) Right\nNowhere (.) Left\n\nWhisper\nWhimper\nWhipper \nShipper\n\n\nScream\n\n\nAll the free games on Google play are..... your new high-school. Detective101. Anti gambling technology. Keep looking.\nRocket science cognition teaching strategy using psychological teaching techniques.\n\nHome schooling? Google Play is your new high school.\n\n#NewYork\n#Columbine\n#LA\n#California\n\nPlay a movie and listen for the command sentences in the film.\nDo you have the right instructions?', 'Biden literally is a demented old man, it is not a low blow it is the visible apparent truth.', "👏 i'm starting to loose faith that the white hats are in control 🤬|", 'Best governor in the U.S', 'We are very worried about the human rights issue in the United States border concentration camps! And New Coronavirus infection in concentration camps!', 'I love how unbiased CNN video titles are.\n\nThis is where you go for hard hitting news....', 'The people of the united states are so unpredictable , they will not keep a perceived racist as their president but instead elect a proven racist as the president. Go figure', 'These trumpets need to ride their own wave.', 'Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy', 'Chomo Joe likes them young.', '"Current medical guidance" has hurt us a lot more over the past 18 months as they\'ve changed and flip flopped, and then they wonder why we don\'t listen to their BS.', "History really does repeat itself. DeSantis is making the same political mistake Trump made with COVID. He's allowing politics to make his decisions. I would bet money if he doesn't change course, he loses reelection in 2022.", "Wait... So about 25 deaths per day from COVID over a week, but they would want the state to enact mask mandates and start shutting down the State's economy?", 'He said do your job and worry about the border!', 'Ron Desantis is the leader of the FREE world.', 'Don’t you love how they chop up desantis statement and don’t show the whole smack down he put on joe?  Sleepy cnn as usual', 'CNN is full of it as usual taking everything out of context to bend the narrative.', 'We love Ron!', 'This is a global problem not a state problem. His state is putting the rest of the country in trouble. I think Biden needs to go over his head.', 'You are not even playing the whole video clip which you are broadcasting out or context you are making a mockery of yourself and wonder why you are losing viewers', 'Biden is a low blow', 'Desanto who? great response,one is a killer and the other is a life saver.How can intellectualize a pandemic that is killing a large number of Floridians.Wake up and smell the oranges Desantamic!', 'How is what he said a low blow when the president was pretending not to knOw who he was ? Isn’t that a childish slight to begin with ?', "He didn't forget you, it's a dis. Meaning your a dime a dozen, you know, average if best. This is the guy in those movies that gets squashed while he is ranting on, there is no monster. LMAO.", 'Lmfao you cut up his video and made it seem like he was coherently explaining his point. CNN, you’re a joke lol along with lost main stream news monopolies', 'We can blame the governor but the real question is why does the retrumplican base respond so positively to this rhetoric?', 'Well tell Biden to keep his illegitimate mouth shut! Desantis will be President some day!', '0:54 *I forget. Can anyone remind me where in the Constitution, Bill of Rights, or other founding documents does it mention the "CDC" or its fictional "authority"?*', 'What she didn’t mention is that DeSantis also said to Biden unless he stop allowing illegal immigrants into the country sending them to the states, Gov. DeSantis didn’t want to hear a blip from Biden. Because illegal immigrants with COVID-19 had been set to their states.', "I find these videos as wishful thinking. Until it happens, sorry guys I can't believe it 😢\t👌\t|", "If CNN is for it... I know it's the wrong thing for the country!", 'If Trump would’ve won, we would be in the same situation just the other way around.', "Desantis have no foresight... that's the end of Florida before 2022", 'How many “low blows” did CNN lie up about Trump?', 'You can’t overrule the cdc because they have no authority to begin with.', 'Not legally, but factually, Florida has seceded from the Union.', 'CNN is going down hill fast', 'The mocking bird media is very entertaining.', '"I am joe biden dictator of the free world! I approve this message!"', "So why wasn't Governor Who a low blow?  C'mon man.  And it's easy to over rule the CDC ...THEY ARE RECOMMENDATIONS!", "You're suppose to protect your people", '175 deaths in Florida in a WEEK?!\nDo you know the population of Florida??\nGo away with this covid nonsense. Twist the numbers all you like, the reality exists.', 'CNNs "news coverage" is such a joke 😂', 'Praise God for Governor Desantis . If Biden had not sent bus loads of immigrants to Florida . They would not have that kind of outbreak', 'They totally edited De Santis’ speech! Shocking', 'This one time at band camp,,,you can smell a fart through jeans and drawers, but a mask will protect you from the covid? Foff!!', 'Low blow?  Seems more like the truth.', 'Employers who only hire based on non fda approved vaccines, are not equal opportunity employers. This will\nGo to the Supreme Court and big companies are going to lose.', "We're fine in Florida. He works for us!", '#MANDATEBIDENHANGHIMSELF', 'Why did CNN not play the whole clip of that Desantis said in the video. Because they are trying to play to a different narrative. CNN please tell the full story and not just your side.', 'I watched both the speech by Biden and the response from Ron and it’s crazy how CNN which once used to be a credible source of news is now totally bias and is completely blunt in trying to brain wash the American people.', 'The vaccinated can still spread the virus... the viral load in the nasopharyngeal, when tested against the unvaccinated, is the same.', 'Cancel CNN !', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'I love how cnn doesn’t show whole clip of desantis lol.', 'There is some seriously selective editing going on here LOL the governors point was the border is wide open and bringing in a lot of Covid. That is why Biden can’t speak on it. He’s enabling it', 'Our heavenly father is with JoeB who is for all to prosper and succeed.  Our Creator intended this from day one.', 'I like this Gov ..💯', '😭😭😭 DeSantis sounds like an elementary school student. Handling the situation like one too👏', '"Low blow", CNN clips must be edited by latte soy boys.', 'Desantis is completely incompetent like his buddy dirtydonnie', 'DeSantis, jealous are ya?  Wish you could behave like a real politician?  It’s ok, Trump is the same way.  We all know he’s your lord and savior, so keep acting just like him if you’d like to, it’s your choice.  A very poor choice, but yours to make regardless', 'Low blow? Truth hurts 🤣', "I love how they edit DeSantis speaking 😂😂 leave in the filler, and cut everything with substance. Can't let these CNN watchers hear any of his common sense arguments.", 'Impeach the P-Dough-File Biden,,,I believe Tara Reade....', 'But it wasnt a low blow for Biden to actually act like he forgot Desantis?', 'I love this guy the CDC and CNN is a joke!', 'Who is president biden never heard of him', '“Fear sells”…Jim Acosta', 'How many illegals with covid were sent to Florida, untested and unvaccinated? No answer for that one.', 'Humanity first, party second', 'So far, the CEOs and creators of the COVID-19 vaccine have all come out AGAINST TAKING IT saying “you are being lied to.”', 'Nothing but misinformation from the Dems', 'WOW conviently edited out the part Desantis mentioning the BORDER....HOW CONVENIENT \nCommyNewzNetwork', '...in case you never noticed, the only way you can hit a snake is with a low blow...', 'welp i guess us Will be 2nd Soviet union Collapse', "Why is a low blow? Lol because he poops all over Biden. Edited clip btw cnn won't show you the whole clip", 'Don’t believe this hack job by cnn people. Watch deSantis whole speech. He did not denounce vaccines he actually encourages it but leave it up to the citizens of Florida. He is not saying not to wear masks. He’s leaving it up to the parents of the kids going back to school. Tell the truth cnn! This is NOT the truth!', 'Talk about the border thousands daily uncheck, hypocrisies have to stop!', "What about free speech? Doesn't Biden also have free speech? So DeSantis can go bllep himself.", 'a man with dementia has nuclear launch codes....  I think we might be in danger frens', '💪Truth=low blow😥', '"CNN is Trustworthy" = 13% 😂😂😂🤣🤣', 'Haha did this chick just call Arkansas a neighboring state of Florida? And this is where people get their news!', 'Looking on USA as an outsider, seems your country is in a cold war with itself', "Common sense statement by DeSantis. China  Joe isn't at home.", 'DeSantis 2024, yeah!', 'How can we get for these people to do the right thing for other people is for them to do nothing to and be safe nothing Ho oh no 😠🤔', 'cnn is tanking.. and i like it!', "*Snowden EXPOSES Apple's Plan To Surveil Your Pics & Texts*", 'Who edits these clips? Come on #CNN show the true picture...he also blamed Biden on migrants being released and spreading the virus.', 'Lol. Low blow because they know it’s true Biden has the memory of a goldfish.', 'War of words? Makes sense mr burns is a warmonger', '“Science based recommendations”🤣🤣🤣', 'Your guest is clueless. Listen to her talk.', 'Joe Biden should take him out behind the gym. Although that might not be a good idea because Biden would get beat up.', 'CNN folks pretending to be real journalists. 🤣', 'It’s insane how this network protects Biden', 'Yeah low blow meanwhile the Democrats are not even doing their damn job🙄', 'Land in Florida is come more and more available since people are dying.', 'As a proud Floridian, you never mess with Floridians!', 'CNN is happy Biden was able to connect the neurons that finally whispered to him who DeSantis was \nOtherwise it would be 10 minutes of a poor CNN reporter trying to explain to POTUS that there is a state called Florida and it is under US rule and it has a Governor who is a man called DeSantis', "Biden walked into that one. He doesn't need to pretend he forgot anything or anybody.", 'This man is on his way to making Trump a great V P 2024.', 'Use executive order to save lives. Period! DeSantis criminally responsible for deaths.', 'Who trusts CNN for anything?', "They'll have heard immunity. What's wrong?", 'I like how you completely cut out him saying the Biden campaign needs to get the Covid outbreak coming in through the boarder, before they worry about Florida', 'Floridian here \n\nRon DeSantis is a tool', 'CNN says now Desantis is a great man', 'Can anyone explain to me that these few people are really creating the new coronavirus? \nhttps://youtu.be/_lpNZ1mPu9Y?t=32', 'If you look at the likes in this particular video, it begs the ?...Did they like this video b/c DeSantis pot shot Glass Joe in the mouth? I\'m inclined to believe the answer is YES and furthermore would like to hear someone say to Joe\'s face..."Go FYS". It\'s refreshing in these times, you know? People hate the "Big Guy", CNN.', 'Desantis is my hero!', 'There are a lot of delusional trolls in this comment section', "DeathSentence's Florida.  Who would want to go there?", 'Joe, the Lord detests murderers and deceivers.  Judgement and wrath are coming.  Repent, time is running out.', 'Very subtle editing', 'FHROM ONE CHOON TO THE OTHER.', 'Biden cant remember anything', '2024 campaign season starting super early', 'CNN seems to be the only people that think Biden is a genius lol 😂 this is classic', 'Yeah I’m American and I give up on this country. I simply give up. People aren’t willing to make decisions solely on public health. We are politicizing everything. Covid will NEVER go away from the US. As soon as I finish my surgical residency, I’m taking my talents to Europe or Australia 🇦🇺. I’m not staying here in this crap hole of a country that’s becoming a third world country.', 'Desantis 2024! ♡ save America', 'What about the people crossing the border that have covid? Why are they letting these people in?', 'If people want to wear a mask, they will. They don’t need to mandate it. This is America, and as Americans we should have a right to choose period. All of this is crazy - losing our freedom is NOT “good”. STOP 🛑 Spinning the narrative. If you want to wear a mask - wear 1, if you are scared to go out - keep your butt at home - ITS THAT SIMPLE', 'CNN can you tell Americans where all these illegal migrants have been relocated? Just tell your viewers. \nYou spend 80% of air time on trump taxes, just tell Americans where they are located...watch how your viewers react to the locations.', 'Go Ron!', "Don't use the word Smart with Governor Who", "God his speak video is so edited. He don't want to hear a blip. Lol he was saying Biden isn't checking anyone at the border for covid but preschoolers should wear mask. He want on to say until you fix the crisis at the border and stop covid there he didn't want to hear a blip. Crazy what editing can do.", 'Another fundraiser that the governor is trying to make money off of in the state of Florida', "I think y'all need to go to work for fox news .", 'I bet he got the shot!?', 'Low blow ? Hahah Biden is clearly in dementia…', 'Desantis doesn’t have the balls to walk into a hospital & talk to workers & hear their thoughts about a mask. Or how they are suffering from working long hrs.', 'What’s telling, is how many people are looking to move out of ny, nj and move to florida', 'I thought it was DeSanities.', 'This wasn’t a “low blow.” What world are you talking-heads living in?', 'I love how CNN edits what the governor said .', 'The editing of these video clips grossly misguide the context. CNN is the worst news source anyone can listen to.', 'DEATHSANTIS.....KING OF COVID DEATH', 'CNN going after Desantis!!  Reminding me of the Trump treatment!!', 'That’s a low blow??  He’s just speaking the truth!!', "Maryland is 6 times smaller than Florida😑. Maryland's Governor is acting like he really saying something significant 😂", 'I’m watching from Scotland 🏴\U000e0067\U000e0062\U000e0073\U000e0063\U000e0074\U000e007f and what president Biden doe is fool a nation. There is no way even 1 million people would in good faith vote for that man never mind 87 million. It’s impossible or 87 million would vote him into office. You had the best president in over 100 years in trump', 'How is this a low blow?', 'Is that Henry Winkler in a wig ? BTW it’s not life OR death in Florida ,also they have never mentioned AOC selling merchandise with her initials on it ,ironically after she called out Trump for referring to her BY her initials the hypocrisy on the left is disgusting', '*Joe roasts Desantis*\nCNN: “Got eeeemm!!!!!!! He got em good!”\n*Desantis burns Joe*\nCNN: “Evil man who doesn’t care about covid and will probably die from covid, responds to Joe Biden’s “Governor who?” with a low blow.”', "Poorly framed and heavily edited. CNN, why don't you show your viewers the entire speech and context before telling your viewers what and how to think? I am tired of dealing with the fallout from my gullible senior citizen parents. 🙄", "Desantis couldn't tie Joe's shoes, Joe's been in Washington longer than Desantis has-been on this planet. Nuf said.", 'Soon you will have not to worry about this PANDEMIC for there will be no one to worry about', "I see CNN still can not report an unbiased truth.  It would have been nice to see what DeSantos really said to biden. I watched him  on another network. ....   \nBye Bye CNN.  Maybe I'll check in with you next year to see if you can report real truths.   Or maybe not.", 'It’s a 50/50 shot that Biden really didn’t know who he was talking about.', 'biden also claimed that 350 million americans were vaccinated in the us ,  we only have 330 million in the us .  and \n most Americans question biden’s mental stability . in fact we loudly state that biden is incompetent .   cnn as usual cant report the news so they invent it . lol', "Too Bad CNN is too scared to show Ron Desantis's full response", 'Talk that shit Larry', 'Chris Cuomo probably has the answer, or try the Lemon.', 'Speaking the truth is not a “low blow”.', 'We have a stupid gov here in Florida i feel that trump has his arm up his Ss and moving his mouth', '"Death By DeSantis" is The Most Commonly Used Phrase By Doctors In Hospital Morgues all Over Florida. So Sad.', 'Playing chicken with the pandemic and foolishly claiming they are going to win?', "This is such a bias, inaccurate and false view from CNN yet again. Why don't they show Governor DeSantis' full speeches instead of cutting out snippets and pasting them together to sound totally different from what he is actually implying. Pathetic Journalism, such a fake show!", '@Derek Havelock: "Looking on USA as an outsider, seems your country is in a cold war with itself"\r\n\r\nPlease be patient.  95% of the time what premieres in the US will shortly show up in a theatre next to you.', 'These CNN actors are good at faking it…', 'Cause people are grown enough. They need a mandate? Lol.. I swear', 'DISTRACTION THEATER meant to steer attention away from the AUTHORITARIANISM coming from the White House.', 'Cnn, You bias is showing. 👌', 'To argue with a fool soon makes another. Mark Twain', "Biden doesn't even know where he is", '\'Low Blow"? Don\'t you mean the truth?', 'I gotta get me a CNN manure spreader, I’m sure it’ll fertilize my lawn really well. As for Jen Psaki, she can drop', 'Everyone questions Biden’s mental faculties 😂 \nJust like they question fox or cnn for being tools of their party 🙄', 'DeSantis 2024!', "It doesn't elevate Desantis because no matter what bull he tells people, covid doesn't care....", 'It’s hilarious that they are a “news” company that only shows 2 second clips of the actual news lmao the full clips are out there people', "We will easily win the next election, there won't be enough Republicans left alive to challenge us. Stupidity has its liabilities.", 'I just think its funny how the like to dislike ratio on CNN videos is not that different. but if you go to fox news you tube channel. you have way more likes than dislikes. tells you something doesent it? more Americans disagree with cnn and democrats. yet biden won the election as the most popular president? haha yea right', 'The great Charlie Daniels said “we may have done a little fightin’ amongst ourselves, but you outside people best leave us alone. This lady may have stumbled but she ain’t never fell and if the Russians don’t believe that, they can all go straight to hell !!” R.I.P CD', "It's called freedom, get used to it!", 'Since you are talking “percentages” and using Maryland to compare to FL. Let’s list FACTS. Maryland has a population of: 6.2 million\nFlorida population 21.6 (more then triple that of Maryland.) comparing the 2 on that alone is rediculous.  \nDo the math:  Maryland\n892 infections divided by population (6.2M)= .0001%\nFlorida: 134,506 cases divided by population 21.6M=.0006%\nBoth states under 1% of their population infected. \nFL deaths 175 divide that into population 21.6 M= .0000081%\n\nAll the while the southern border being WIDE OPEN.  With 186,000 last month alone.  With no mandates like those put on citizens.  And dispursing them throughout the country.  \n \nWhat you are doing, is fear mongering.  Nothing more.\n\n(8/7/21', "They need to stop acting like babies, and get together to do something positive and try and get rid of this virus. They need to support each other.  Even if you're on the other side of the fence help each other out.  This is ridiculous.  Florida is in trouble with its large population of retirees. These citizens are paying with their lives.  I'm sure not everyone in that state wants to ignore the vaccine.", 'Where can you get that merchandise?', "Hmmm?? Wonder what his response would be if the Virus was called Poliomyelitis??Just askin'", 'DeSantis is a major tool.', '“350 million Americans have been vaccinated”', '“If you don’t vote for me you’re not black” Joe Biden', 'How many border Jumpers in FLA put there by Bieden', 'You can’t compare numbers from Maryland to Florida the population is way more than in Maryland what kind of bs is this', 'I just can NOT stomach anymore democrats.', '7:08 "The State is on fire"\n\nNo dude, that\'s California...', 'dear lord ! arrest all of them!!!|', 'Both sides of the aisle have glowingly succeeded at ensuring the American public, and the world at large, distrust and abhor our government officials due to the politicizing, dishonesty, censorship, and embarrassingly clumsy handling of this obvious biological weapons experiment. Prove me wrong.', 'Biden is lost in the sauce', 'Prepare all that u can carry', 'Another example of why CNN is a dumpster fire', "It's the vaccinated who spread the new variants.", "Edit. Edit, Edit, Edit CNN is not news. Who hasn't figured that out yet?", 'They politicians everything they do is low', 'Cuomo should resign, but Biden is ok.', 'Hilarious.....\nWhile purposely looking the other way, this administration lets people with Covid illegally come to this Country then preaches to everyone about rising Covid numbers\n\nCue the Twilight zone theme.', "You guys totally slice and dice that video of DeSantis up you couldn't play anything he said because it was all the truth you don't want people to hear about the Border crisis you don't want people to hear about how the virus is flooding in every day at the border and biting pretends to care about it and wants to put kindergarteners in math and DeSantis is leaving it up to the parents big deal", 'But make sure you sanitize house.', "I forget this is CNN and I am not allowed to have a different opinion on this cause no matter what I'm wrong but I will say this go watch what he really said not that short clip", "The old Gov doesn't care about people getting virus r dying just like his brother dawn trump😆😆😆😆😆😆", 'Low blow? Biden is failure and he told him to quit running his mouth. He was far more polite than Biden deserves.', 'Hell No to mandates and experimental Vaccines.', 'The number of positive cases mean nothing.  Sick numbers do.', 'Deflecting…..any news abt Governor Coumo?', 'Desantis does have a valid point — Joe doesn’t know what day it is half the time.\n🤷\u200d♂️', 'Liberals: “We condemn any American who is unvaccinated.”\nAlso liberals: “We have zero problem with unvaccinated illegal immigrants coming into America.”\n\nLogic, not even once.', 'Guess Maryland needs to welcome a busload of border travelers.', 'They made up their own science', 'We’re Democrats getting personal when they questioned Trump’s mental capacity.  Remember, what Democrats accuse the GOP of doing is exactly what they are doing.', 'Idem is showing signs of being senile. You....MSM and the some Democrat politicians\nDemanded PresidentTrump be tested for dementia.  He got tested, passed and the issue was then mute.  Biden needs to do the same.', 'DeSantis is "Spot-one."  Biden and his administration have let an unprecedent number of migrants into our country... approximately 40% of these people are Covid positive (the equivalent to the population of Birmingham, Alabama, last month alone). Then they shame and blame Florida. This is crazy-making.  I\'m an Independent voter, but Biden is an unmitigated disaster!', "The media perpetuates the situation and then makes a fortune off of it. It's all about the ratings to the detriment of all else.", 'Nothing about Andrew Cuomo. Dont want to report on Bidens friend', 'Just sent a hundred bucks to DeSantis.  TRUMP / DESANTIS 2024', "Love the selected editing...lmao. CNN low ratings, must be rough to lie and be sanctimonious at the same time. I don't know how anyone that works at CNN can sleep at night!", '1:43 *Only 0.0013 Deaths per 100 infected???*\n*Only 175 deaths out of Florida\'s 21+ MILLION CITIZENS?!*\n*History may not repeat itself but it definitely rhymes.*\n*It\'s Germany 1937 again & the Nazis are on the rise.*\n*Censorship ("Canceling") of open dialog, debate & dissenting views.)*\n*"Coerce": make someone do something by using force or threats.*\n*Etc, etc, etc*\n*"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." -Benjamin Franklin*\nhttps://youtu.be/_2RrCL7MIrQ', "It's funny how scared CNN and the rest of the liberal media are Florida and Ron DeSantis they obviously see him as the biggest threat in 2024.", 'When the govenor said we are a free country...but WE ARE NOT FREE OF KILLING OTHERS!!!!', 'There are other colds ?..as covid 19..is not just the only sickness folks??', 'My daily venture into the trash comments of a news clip.', 'Wow he sure would not have said that to COVID spreading trump.', 'Desantis 2024 reinstate the Smith-mundt act', "🤣😂 that statistic is completely fake. I'm a Florida resident, yes I wear my mask as a precaution but the statistics are not true. People don't trust CNN", "That's why I support china now.", 'And the Chinese and Russians laughing their ass off.'], ["From an outside view: This doesn't look like a democracy. Sorry U.S., facts.", 'When historians look at this decade they’ll undoubtedly conclude that the population in general was overcome by an inexplicable psychosis.', "Why aren't Trump and his Republican terrrorists in jail. I always thought the USA was a democracy.", "There is nothing worth saving in the GOP. Quite the contrary, it needs to go. It's an authoritarian party and should be dissolved.", 'When will these criminals be held accountable.... arrest and charge...they threatened.... this behavior is a disgrace', 'These guys who utter a threat need to be charged and thrown in jail', 'the people making those threats should be handed over to the authorities and put in jail no regular person can make those kinds of threats and not face consequences', "Someone must file a complaint that it's improper to turn over certain electronic devices to a 3 party where people's rights of privacy are violated.", 'Officials: "Voting machines and computers were not connected to the internet." - "cyber ninjas: "we need to see the routers now!!!" (facepalm)', 'AZ State Senator: "I\'m Air Force and Sonny Borrelli is a Marine and we\'re coming for you."\nDjango: "You two sweethearts wanna\' hold my hand?" 😎', 'Last time I checked making death threats was still a crime. Threats of mayhem and bodily harm are as well.', 'You know you\'re dealing with someone who knows what they\'re talking about when they use the title "cyber guy". Not "Cyber Security Expert" or "IT specialist", etc.', 'I always thought of routers as "dumb" pieces of hardware. They basically check packets of information in and out. If the information lines up, the router lets it through the gate. If not, the router doesn\'t do squat. They really can\'t be corrupted because there is really nothing to corrupt. That would also assume they are connected to the internet. If they aren\'t connected, there is no traffic.', '"Why is the former president fighting like hell to not give up his taxes?"', "If these people carry out their threats, I'd feel really guilty if I was a GOP who endorsed the election fraud. The harm and physical hurt you've caused and continue to do so is horrendous.", 'I read this man’s interview in the New Yorker. God bless and protect you.', 'If any one of us had said "We\'re coming for you, better watch your six" to the elected official who actually said it, trust and believe we\'d be arrested and charged.', 'If co-workers talked to anyone I worked with in that manner they would be out of a job and escorted from the property.', 'He should just say something like “Let’s see what you’ve got, big boy.”   Az has home self protection laws.   It wouldn’t be terrible to see the guy crawling across the lawn.\nSomeone taught Mr Cheeto a new word: Router.', 'If I was in charge of those routers, I would be worried that if I lent them to people with an agenda to "prove" something, that the routers would no longer give the same results after their return.', "This is all pure desperation. The moment the orange underlord loses power he's going to jail and losing his and his family's money and status.", 'The routers, the routers, the routers, the routers…..you can tell that the Orangegutan had just added a new word to his limited vocabulary', '"We\'re gonna pull the packet captures out of the router"??\n\nHehe....', "So if the presidential election results in AZ were wrong, so were all those of GOP winners. These guys are practicing pure idiocy, yet so many people are believing the bull they're splattering.", '"Arizona election official reacts to \'check your six\' threat from (Trumpian) Republican" thereby re-affirming, yet again, that #Jan621 Insurrectionist #DJT is "utterly incompetent" as per the words of both his own Federal Judge elder-sister Maryanne Trump Barry and his own Clinical Psychologist niece Dr. Mary Trump. May #Imp2POTUS45 always hear "You\'re fired" via the unwavering reality of election results that reject him who is the cause of #MourningInAmerica.', '"Check Six" refers to making sure you have situational awareness and know who is behind you (that is, your six o\'clock position) trying to shoot you down. When a fighter pilot tells his wingman to "Check Six," it means to have a look behind you to see and avoid any threats.', 'She knows where he works\nShe knows where he lives\nShe threatened him with firearms\nThis man needs 24/7 police protection', 'Privacy of citizens must be protected. This is bullying at the highest level which ought to be stopped.  How very frightening for those involved.', 'They probably think he’s the one putting the chips in our vaccines', 'Whoever mailed that has committed a federal level harassment charge. Becuas they used the federal mail system to do carry out the harassment.', 'Why wont diaper don surrender his taxes,...', 'Sounds like some"auditors" need to spring a leak between their eyes. Street justice is probably where all this is headed.', 'he really needs to take this to the feds and a court of law.', '"Check your 6."   A threat only a coward would send!  A real man would never attack from behind.  This threat speaks volumes about the sender.', 'They love to call everyone else sheep, but regurgitate the latest in a long line of buzzwords, “routers!”, fed to them by the cult leader.', 'They wanna cancel their own party members again.', 'The RepubliCONS in AZ want to subpoena and jail elected officials, BUT watch the RepubliCONS obstruct when subpoenaed by the Insurrection Committee!!!', 'Why aren’t they arrested for threatening to murder election officials?  😳', "Bringing logic to this is futile.  It sounds like one of the ninjas saw a night time crime/detective show that throws random tech terms around while randomly hitting keys on a keyboard.\n\nWhat they're looking for is more of a man in the middle attack.  They want a Pineapple's worth of information and more when in reality the routers they're crying about would have long lost anything they might be remotely interested in with a power cycle or simply running out of space and clearing it as it goes.  They would have config info that may expose admin information to a third party farce of an audit along with configured routing information for specific network traffic for things like confidential law enforcement work.\n\nIt really has got to the part where that entire side is made up of the lunatic family members everyone avoids or tries to keep calm with any interaction.", 'If they have to check their backs it may only because there are some cowards that will attack you from the rear.\nThen to brag about having served makes their threats even more cringe worthy.', 'It’s being driven by the demagogues on “conservative” media.', 'The guy who refuses to turn over his taxes wants the entire data base of a government.  NO WAY!', "The GQP crazies have always been bullies. That's how they've gotten this far. We must stand up to GQP bullies and tell them NO!!!!!", 'These cyberninjas should not be able to touch another piece of voting equipment period! The machines need to be junked, sue them and make them pay for the new ones.', 'Why have these Representatives not been arrested? They are threatening to harm these people.', 'Wait, I thought he already had "mountains of evidence", why do they need the routers too?', 'Im waiting for email from trump saying: send me money we need the routers. Fine print: 99% of your donations could be used for other expenses.', '"We\'re gonna show who the attacker was and who the attackee was with the router logs!"\nUm...the machines in question were air-gapped from the network. They were not connected to the routers from which you want to see the logs.\nThus, the logs cannot show an attack on those machines. \nThe GOP lost the election, and they lost it fairly. Get over it, stop trying to tear things apart, and act like adults.', "I think we should all be asking questions about the 2016 election right now. How did Trump win every single swing state by a slim margin when it's so easy to hook voting machines to the internet and the Russians are doing your bidding?", 'Mike Lindell is awesome . He’s so right. God I love that patriot.', 'America is a sick man \nNow making its way to ICU if nothing is done about this rubbish. This is no longer a joke. It will be so funny it it wasn’t so dangerous.\nThe crazies are taking over like in those American movies. \n😩😩😩😩😩😩😩', "Any person with ANY remote understanding of IT knows that routers don't store that data. Server? Sure. A router or switch doesn't store anything like that.", 'Being a guy whos been using computers ever since they used to take up a whole room in a building, i must say there is no such thing as packet captures when it comes to routers... routers do NOT retain any data what so ever, they only ROUT the data from pc a to pc b. So he can blabber on and on about the routers and packet captures all he wants but that wont ever make those things a reality.', 'A threat to the election officials and threats of harm should be dealt with and people arrested.', '“I’m Air Force” 😂 That is the least threatening thing I’ve ever heard in my life. What a tool.', 'Have the F.B.I. install devices on your phones to track down these criminals who are calling and threatening your very lives. There needs to be accountability for all!', 'Oops...  I was with him up to the point he said "these routers contain personal information...".  Routers don\'t store things, except the settings that configure the device to router internet traffic to and from an internal computer network.\nIf you unplug power from a router, the history of internet traffic is eliminated.  Routers aren\'t storage devices.  It would be literally pointless for the routers to be "turned over" to anyone.  An organization called "Cyber Ninjas" should know that.  I suspect they do, and they are relying on the nontechnical populus of America to drive the call for this hardware, which will disclose nothing, other than how internet traffic comes and goes - not where, just how.  They may have some things blocked, or routed to a DMZ, but once they\'re powered off, that information is gone.\nThe lack of techological fortitude in this country is mildly amusing until it comes to something that matters, like this.  This is an issue that is driving members of the Arizona state Congress to threaten imprisonment of other officials who refuse to hand over the hardware.\n#STEMSavesLives', 'The people making these threats should be charged and tried.', 'The Cyber Ninjas asking for routers shows that they know as much about networking as they do about counting votes. Cyber idiots.', 'Still haven’t heard anyone address the fraudulent paper ballots. Too many of those have come to light to ignore it', "The GOP knows that a sizable portion of their base has the attention span of a two year old. That's why they keep making these stupid claims. If they stopped, the base would forget the issue before the mid-terms and not be riled up enough to vote.", 'You know when you @ the wrong person but have to commit to it. I feel like some Republicans tagged the wrong Bill Gates and are now just commiting to it to save face.', 'Funny how this so called “Real Americans” are destroying Democracy 😂😂 you can’t make this stuff up', 'Pity this guy didn’t have a backbone when Sheriff Joe was about.', 'This is the one guy who falsely claims to have been cheated at the last election, wants the routers, ballot records, voting machines  and almost every record and people pertinent to the election to be examined, interviewed and audited. The irony of all this is this is the same guy who promised to release his tax records when the audit is completed over 5 years ago and up until now is still fighting the courts and refusing to release them and who knows what is he hiding and afraid of?', 'Threatening officials and their FAMILIES REALLY!  Jail time', 'If the science is telling business owners that they can’t open and patrons that they have to wear a mask… But none of that is required at Martha’s Vineyard we’re all of the leaders are getting together without masks… You’re being lied to', '"I just have to look good, I don\'t have to be clear"⁵_', 'In addition to everything else wrong with this: IF they are given the routers, how long do they expect to keep them? Remember that the "audit" was supposed to be a few weeks and it has been four months & counting. Meanwhile Maricopa County doesn\'t have the routers that they NEED in order to function, so they\'d have to get all new routers costing them even more money!', 'Threats like this needs to be taken seriously & looked at asap. Tired of these trump syncopates😤', "Routers do not store info. They are pipes for water. If you want the info, you need to analyze the database, dummies. Let's start with that. 2nd, the databases showed Biden won👍", 'This is truly a heinous activity......\n\ntrump: stay away from the routers and stick to the rooters.\nlindell: stay out of politics and keep scamming YOURpillows', 'Sounds like actual voter fraud is being perpetrated by the republicans as we speak.', 'Well... if I threatened my neighbors with any of this rhetoric I would be in jail.', "Republicans thought they could steal this election like they stole the Election of 2000 — but that crap won't ever happen again. Now they're looking stupid.", '"The Routers" are irrelevant.  It\'s more gas lighting by fanatic republicans.', 'Seems the only thing the Trump Supporters have is to make "Death Threats" against fellow Republicans.   Raffensburger in Georgia had the same threats.\n\nIt shows that the Trump Supporters do not have much of an "Argument", if they need to issue so many Death Threats.', 'WHY ARE THESE CRAZY PEOPLE STILL EVEN ABLE TO WALK TO A POST OFFICE & HOW LONG DOES THE AMERICAN PPL HAVE TO WAIT BEFORE THESE REAL CRIMINALS ARE OFF OUR STREET THREATENING PEOPLE 🤔?????', 'When will these criminals be held accountable.... arrest and charge...they threatened.... this behavior is a disgrace', "I'm sorry aren't terroristic threats illegal, why aren't these people making these threats being held accountable, Going to kill my family, is a terroristic threat.WHY ?", '"The Nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them."\r\n~George Orwell, Notes on Nationalism', 'Acceptance of threats like that, with impunity, sends out a very strong message.', 'Mike the pillow man:  "Then we\'ll have OUR tech guy find false evidence".', "The Ninjas don't know what they're doing or they'd be finished with their so called audit. None of the voting machines were connected to a computer at all. They were hired to create wrong evidence to support a win for Trump in AZ, just dirty and pathetic politics by Trump Republicans!", 'Somebody in Arizona has the authority to start the audit.  Does this same entity have the power to stop it.  If T**** gives his taxes, everyone will stop complaining about him.  Why won’t he give up his taxes if he has nothing to hide?  Just publish them on WaPo. Done.', 'From an outside view: This doesn’t look like a democracy. Sorry U.S., facts.', 'Why do you have databases on routers?!', 'Government “won’t share sensitive information”  Big tech enters the chat 💬', 'they are still talking about this crap.it is over accept the fact that trump lost.', "In a horrific and terrifying unprecedented event such as this, it's recommended that one embrace one's majestically shimmering authenticity by walking in one's panoramic and tawdry trite truth; disseminate duplicitous kindness and leverage smarmy compassion by asking: What are your pronouns? Lavender Light and Luminous Lurid Love!", 'Blatant work harassment. And.  Retired military used as “threats” \nThis is insubordination. Period.', 'When law enforcement has to start rounding up terroristic GOP members they will have utterly no one to blame but themselves.', '“Check your 6” ❤️ \nYou people just want to hide the truth, with lies... Tell a lie enough', "I remember when Slick Willie got a hummer and that was a big deal to the Family value Republicans. Now we have Republicans saying it's okay to pay off porn stars with political donations.", "Aren't threats of violence illegal? How about throwing some of these traitors in a cell? Delay thier trial as long as legally possible, then upon conviction give em the maximum sentence.", 'Where is the pertinent DA on this? Is the Department of justice position when American are threatened with death?', 'The only thing I’m confused on is the router having stored information on them.', "If my neighbor says I threatened to kill him over text, and he fails to provide the evidence, subpoenas my phone, and fails to find the evidence, does he get the option to subpoena my credit card info and my social security number to prove space Italians didn't buy me a new phone and switch it out?\n\nThis is the level of stupidity we're at with this attempted coup.", 'Someone is going to act on these threats at some point.  When that happens a match is lit to an escalating tit-for-tat and fascism steps in.  The only way to prevent this is for applied justice - something we are not seeing to a sufficient degree in right wing threats and violence.', 'This is insane. When is this madness going to stop?  And all if this is due to Trump’s inability to accept the truth.  I feel like we’re living in an outlaw country.', "That's f..king outrageous from an official, hope these people get charged with threatening these other people, & I hope Arizona is an open carry state, Rj in Oz", 'It’s becoming abundantly clear that the division in America is moving away from Democrat vs Republican toward those living in reality and those living in a dark hole of conspiracy-driven fantasy, regardless of party.  Yes those living in this fantasy world are largely Republican, but you’d hope the sane among that party eventually purge themselves of these radicals as the US needs a healthy and civilized 2-party system.', "Aren't threats against the law? Why aren't the police investigating the lawmakers? \n\nOh Lord! The routers don't show crap!", '"Sure, you know we\'re lying, but if you don\'t back those lies you will pay."  The "new" Republicans', 'Machines are not allowed to be connected whats up with routers, a few months in jail might give him time to get his story right,if he flips the truth will set him free', '*This is NAKED CRIMINAL THREATS from elected officials! There is no way this is not a crime!*', "Democrat leadership wake the hell up. If you think being silent and letting this continue is okay,  you're making a cataclysmic mistake that will change Democracy forever. All GOP congressman that broke their oath need to be removed.", '3:18  -- Must suck to have to explain this day in day out.', 'Lock them up and throw away the key because they are tampering with a federal election', 'When you can’t make a reasonable argument..threaten violence.', "Thank you Mr. Gates I'm one of those voters and I didn't know or give my permission to have my personal data be at risk. That's my Vote leave my Vote alone.!!!", 'That is a threat she should be charged and held accountable. When do the DOJ begin to practice The Rule of Law?', "I think what they're trying to say, is that 2016 was the last election that will ever be decided by actual voters...and there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it!", 'This nonsense will only end when those pushing and or supporting the BIG LIE to face consequences of  prison time', "If anything is shared with law enforcement around the country, it's definitely corrupt! 🤷🏾\u200d♂️", 'Routers don’t keep files. If there was data files collected from the routers the log files would be kept on a separate computer', 'So if you call it a "sham audit" enough times that makes it baseless? PROVE IT!', 'If the machines were connected to the internet then they would have been hacked into and Trump would still be president.', 'That sounds like a felony threat! The local DA should investigate.', 'That data is gone from the routers.   You would have had to get them at the time the data was being passed through them.  That moment passed months ago.', 'Every time I need a laugh I watch a CNN video.', "I wonder what the end game with MAGAS is going to be. The cat's out of the bag, and the more we push back the crazier they go.", '1) There is no such thing as a "packet capture."\n2) Routers have RAM, but no permanent memory on their own.\n3) If "Cyber Ninjas" doesn\'t already know this, I wouldn\'t trust them with a Tomogachi.', "This is utter INSANITY - republicons having access to MY personal info - scares the beejezus out of me - we are in a state of constant terror by the orange horror's minions - JUST IMAGINE the tables turned - the recons would go out of their minds to contemplate anyone having access to their personal information -", 'This is proof that the elite play by different rules. They are ALLOWED to get away with death threats. What a sick society we live in.', "I don't know Don.. Why are you fighting so much to not give your taxes?", "Next, they'll claim that bodysnatchers were the reason why citizens voted for Biden", 'Can the threats not be turned over to the FBI? These people threatening government officials and their  families need to be prosecuted. When you do your job honorably, to the best of your ability, you should be supported by the voters and the legal system.', 'It’s hard to imagine more “dangerous” hands for that personal voter information to fall into than these crooked Republican scam artists.', 'This is a never ending BS !!', 'Oh, chill out already.  This is just "locker room talk".', 'I am guessing that the routers have fixed addresses, as opposed to a home computer that always logs on to a different address.   Having a fixed address makes it a lot easier to identify the equipment on the other end of the line.   Also makes it easier to connect over a direct line, avoiding all the internet business of managing millions, even billions of addresses.    Of course, it would seem reasonable to be able to change the fixed address(es) used, but that might actually mean basically replacing the router, depending on their construction. \nCorrect me if I am wrong.  I am not an expert.   But I do know from experience in the insurance industry, that lots of people target city and state computer systems to illegally steal information.  Gotta get those leads first, you know.... lots of money in it.', 'What if the State of Arizona places his self into jail, would he change his mind ?', 'Anyone who does this needs to be reinstated, court martialed, have their retirement removed and then locked up.', 'Am I the only one who knows what a router does? I think they are confused and are thinking g it is a server.', 'Why is this so-called ex-President fighting SO HARD to keep his taxes hidden? 🤷', 'How rich from toad who has unwaveringly refused to hand over his dodgy tax returns. Oh the hypocrisy', 'Thanks for electing more former military Republican DOLTS, ARIZONA!', '"Why are they fighting not to give the routers?"\n\nWhy are you fighting not to give your tax returns??????', 'Wow the fact they are so willing to come on a democrat platform speaks volumes!', "I'd say bring your computer expert guy before Congress and have them explain what exactly they will be able to determine.", 'A court needs to issue an arrest warrant for Wendy Rogers, for making criminal threats!', 'Any one that knows anything about law knows that they think they got away with it by saying there is \'no  evidence\' but they don\'t realise they can still be charged with "spoliation of evidence".', 'We’re dealing with people who are at war with reality. We can’t reason MAGA lunatics.', "Surely there's a wealthy law firm eager to band with all those facing injustices and tackle this from the top- @ the root!", 'that would be a threat...are they going to let them get away with that??? probably...', 'IF THE DEMONCRATS WON FAIRLY THEN WHY FIGHT SO MUCH ABOUT AUDITING \nTHE VOTES AND THE ROUTERS, WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO HIDE?', 'The repugnicans done lost they damn minds', 'FIRST NAME: BILL, last name: GATES. WHAT ARE THE CHANCES 😂😂😂', 'Maricopa County Board of Serpents!\nSo much evidence of a poorly run election in Maricopa County. Bunch of liars.', 'So trump want s the "routers" removed.  Has anyone asked him if he knows what a router is?  How about this for transparency, trump "SHOW US YOUR TAXES\'', '"Why are they fighting like hell to keep the routers?" \nWtf is he fighting like hell to keep his tax returns secret?', "Oh my God she said watch your six while using a military analogy...lol. get over yourselves. The Arizona board of supervisors have been doing nothing but obstructing the process the entire time. They are ignoring subpoenas, they need to comply or be put in jail. \n  This isn't about red or blue this is about 55% of citizens not trusting our elections. Watch the Cyber Symposium August 10th through 12th and then come talk about the elections.", 'Most routers do not have enough onboard memory nor space for long-term storage. So unless the router stores data on an attached device or cloud server, you have little chance of recovering much web history data on your router.', 'His constituents are behind him all the way. Thank God.', "i heard there's a deal that when trump turns over his tax returns they'll turn over the routers.  sound fair?", 'Better men than Trump have lost elections and I guarantee none of them cried about it as much as him.', "Next they'll be asking for the coffee machines.", "Italians satellites?\nThat's fresh!!!!\nAre there such things?\nAnd what official function does the 'my pillow guy' serve?", "If I was to make the same kind of statement as some of these republican's have I would be in jail already I would be tagged as a terrorist so why are they allowed to keep making such statements and threats", "All lies and misinformation! This guy is so deep into the fraud he can't see the truth. The Truth will prevail!", 'Why are you sharing police law enforcement data with election routers? This is stupid or a big lie!', '“Check your six” lol', '"Personal information of our citizens"', 'It’s appalling. But it’s what happens when you supercharge “free speech” and essentially mandate poor education levels that don’t encourage critical thinking.  As Shakespeare said in The Tempest,  Hell is empty, all the devils are here.  The right side of politics in the US seems to have more than their fair share of devils.', "Come on Garland enough is enough it's time to start cracking down on those attacking our electoral system. Are we going to have to watch people die before you act?", 'Routers don’t “store” packet captures.  Makes no sense', 'Ladies and gentlemen, the "Greatest Country In The World"...\n\n(For the record I like America and Americans, but what a state you\'re in!)', '"A cyber guy"? Sounds legit', '“Woman, man, camera, tv… \nrouter!”\n-bigly genius', 'CNN calls it a sham audit...  Now just wait for the audit to reveal the conspiracy, as per form the last few years\n 😅', "'get the routers...' I've been designing, building, and supporting network equipment. In particular routers, switches, firewalls, load-balancers, etc. for over three decades now. In other words, I kinda know what I'm talking about here. I do NOT need the routers.. the hardware is irrelevant. I need the routing configuration, the routing table at the time of transmission, and the logs generated by the router(s) during the transmission window. Even then... there is only so much you're going to get here. The actual 'data' you see wouldn't be something a 'router' even 'sees'. Routers see packets of data 'addressed' using the Internet Protocol (IP address). That's it... no content... routers do not do ANY bit by bit inspection. Routers just move 'packets and frames' of bits (0 or 1) and then bytes (8 bits) at very high speed arriving from one interface (physical and/or logical) to another on the router based on the routing table maintained dynamically. That's it. That is all they do. They do it very very well, but that is all a router does. So getting one is... well... like asking for the water valve system in the nearby reservoir feeding the fire hydrants used near an arson scene to help you figure out who started the fire. Now. What you REALLY want are the SPLUNK, raw syslog, and any firewall logs for the servers on either end of the 'conversation'. That will give you actual information used to audit 'who did it' in cybercrime.", 'CNN why have 8 states already admitted to discrepancies and policy failures that would lead to people questioning the results of the "election" if it was the most secure election in american history.....', "The more I here about this issue, the more ridiculous it sounds, but also, the more dangerous it's  becoming.  People have lost there minds chasing shadows.  The Blame for this state of affairs rests squarely on Donald Trump  and his fascist cohort that keep up the big lie.  It's a classic play from the fascist playbook.", 'Bad idea to threaten a U.S. Marine especially when that Marine is defending his Constitutional duties and the ones who should looking back at their six are those who are threatening.  SEMPER FI NAM 69/70', 'Love seeing the shambles TRump has created in his own party. Hilarious.', 'Why does the county have personal files on citizens? Granted, there is probably HR and accounting info for employees. But you can get that anywhere on the dark web. Not an excuse to not hand over a router. The biggest reason to not hand over the routers is that they can plant logs on those routers to make it look like the machines were connected to the internet and hacked on election day.', 'The GOP has gone way past "cancel culture". Radicals on the right want to send those that do not go along with the lie to jail or worse.', '"By the skill and sustained use of propaganda, one can make people see Heaven as Hell or an extremely wretched life as paradise."\r\n~Hitler', "If you repeat the same message long enuff it becomes true. Even when the people know it's a lie.", 'No one in their right state of mind should never ever vote replublicon again in this country! The GQP is the trump party of Lune!🤣 Vote blue and they will help you!', "The only sham is cnn attempting to displace the audit that most arizona people want. Who the hell does cnn think they are. Why don't you report something besides fake news.", 'GOP ARE THREATENING THE FAMILIES SERIOUS DEADLY OF AUDIT COUNTERS\nWOW THIS IS EXACTLY LIKE HOW PUTIN OVER THROWS RUSSIA AND OTHERS', 'When you lay with PIGS, you get dirty', 'Imagine cheating to win election and still lose lol', 'There is only one word to describe this situation,and the people who are making these threats; INSANITY:', "CNN is starting to come unraveled.  They know it's all blowing up right in their face.", 'The law and the officials should start the damn arrest and let these people suffer the consequences', "Republican Brown Shirts threatening if you don't go along with their conspiracy.  Hitler would be proud.", 'they want to see the internet traffic that happened on the days these routers were used. these systems were supposedly not connected to the internet. the routers will let us know if the systems were or were not. the is no personal information on a router. just ip address and mac address dates times and this is very important information to have. especially if you are trying to find fraud', "It amazes me that people haven't figured out that the don is doing what the don does each and every time the don is in trouble ie: Stretch it out in litigation for years. Take it to court, file an appeal, file another appeal, and another............", 'WHEN I WAS IN IRAQ WATCH YOUR 6 MEANS WATCH YOUR BACK  !!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸', 'In the USA political lies are not only legal they are encouraged by the fascist RW.', 'In the 30s Brown shirts explicitly threatened people into submission. Easier than having backbone and standing up to Hitler.', 'Why is HE fighting so hard against releasing his taxes?!!!', "What's wrong with the GOP?  They are completely insane.\n\nIt actually wasn't the Chinese involved. It was Martians.", "the state level GOP lockdown on VOTING and the GOP's severe gerrymandering MUST NOT STAND.  WE FIGHT VOTER SUPRESSION.", "When a person can no longer respond to reason they need to be in a secure safe and caring place where they cannot do themselves or others harm. Isn't this what mature and responsible societies do?", 'Hi CNN, who does your closed captions? I  am applying for the job. Please contact me asap because this is embarrassing.', "Oh, cool. I've been told by psychos, I was Bill Gates in the making. I thought they were talking about the other one. Woopsy. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣", 'Making threats against others lives, is a felony.', 'The GOP is heading helbent for fascism!!!', 'The “audits” will never end. The longer they can keep them going, the longer they can keep questioning the result of the election. \n\nThe audits add legitimacy to the claim that the result is somehow in doubt, that there was widespread voter fraud and the Presidency was stolen from Trump by Biden and the evil Democrats. \n\nOh, and the longer the audits go on, the more fundraising Trump and the GOP can get done. Trump is the grift that keeps on grifting…', 'To all the non-military people.. that means watch your back. Definitely a threat.\nBut do you expect anything better from the party of law and order and the party of Jeeeeesus?', 'Nothing good comes from quoting Steven Seagal films, especially from his straight to video era.', "CNN, pushing the big lie.  Router's don't hold any personal information. Routers connect computers and other devices to the Internet. A router acts as a dispatcher, choosing the best route for information to travel.", 'If Trump is coming back into office August 13th like many Trumpers insist (forget March 4th), what need is there for an audit anyway?', 'Imagine creating a monster and then not being able to control that monster? While I appreciate the GOP that are now standing up, it’s a bit too little, too late.', 'The pillow guy needs to smoke some weed and relax \nIt’s all in your head bro', '😂😂😂I thought democrats loved violence,who said protest have to be peaceful remember,what about democrats officials bailing out looters and domestic terrorist.', 'I would love to see t***p explain what he thinks a "router" is.', 'It is illegal to threaten a Government Official.  It’s time to start arresting these people and charging them.  I guess nothing will happen until one of them is injured or worse.', "It's not about the routers, it wouldn't matter if elections officials gave them up. As soon as that happened the goal post would move, and the big liars would demand something else. Voters and democracy itself need to be protected from these people.", 'They need to start arresting those pushing the big lie, the whole world is watching, and it’s just amazing that America doesn’t seem to have any laws or policies regarding fraud and threats', "No no no no they've dropped that theory now it is that they've been remotely controlled by the Chinese through the thermostats in the buildings keep up with the theories they keep changing it every time one gets to bunk'd they come up with another whacked-out idea", 'I’m going to need to see the Cyber-ninjas, pro-Trump politicians, and the man himself successfully navigate a self-checkout before considering technology-based voter fraud.', 'Let\'s be honest about this Mike linDell knows absolutely nothing about Internet Protocol or how routers or log files work.\n\nThe "routers" is just another red meat buzzword like "Benghazi" or "but Hillary\'s emails"', 'none of this is how routers work...', 'I find it more comical watching 2 people who know nothing of computers explain how a router works! LMAO\nJust hand them a 1999 acer laptop with a 14.4kbs modem and that would be the smoking gun! LMAO', 'What will they come up with next,  they have gone off the deep end!', 'THIS JUST IN: All routers used in the Presidential Election, "WERE MADE IN CHINA". (According to Conald J. tDump).', 'This republican insanity must end . There must be sanction in response to their words and actions !', 'Excuses, excuses. Turn in those routers already.', 'Routers???  Wow, I must have a low end POS, because all mine does is create Wifi, ACLs, a web interface, and most importantly a power cable.  I bet the pillow guy wouldnt even know to connect his phone to a wi-fi.  I also bet that Mike knows where his drug stash is; anyone else see the videos where hands are shaking?', 'Threatening their own countrymen for doing their job and following fact based evidence? \nThat is insanity and violent delusion. They should be straight jacketed and hauled off.', 'Republicans getting rid of Republicans...We Democrats salute you!', 'These Republicans are bat sh*t crazy and Mike Lindell or whatever his name is I think has been snorting a few too many lines.', "Does anyone on here actually have IT background on this thread A+, N+,AIC,TCPIP, routers, servers, switches,  it's been awhile since the class but I'm pretty sure they don't have to be online to hack just in range or hard wired in all you really need is one ip address in the ip range you can ping a connect to all other connected devices", "The Republican 'brand' now includes both lying and murder.", 'WHY DIDNT TRUMP SEND SPACE FORCE OUT TO SHOOT DOWN THOSE ITALIAN SATELLITES WHEN HE HAD THE CHANCE!!!???', 'Millions all over asking for afull aud.  And millions and millions of Americans too.', 'Trump and his enablers their intentions have become crystal clear and should not be re-elected .......', 'That’s a New , Itailtian internet we got going on ....OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!', "Routers ? You mean the flow logs as those contain what is sent to and received from what. Those are not available in the routers as that's way to much data to be contained by specialized infrastructure components.", 'These retrumplicans have gone off the deep end.', 'I just love Republicans and their death threats. I am a progressive, and I am envious. I want a death threat, too. Will someone please send me a death threat? I live in Northern Virginia, and I will be happy to give out my address. The best time to get me would be Monday, when I go grocery shopping.', 'Ya see, the "routers" have these microscopic traces of rice paper and bamboo . . .', 'I thought that billionaire Bill Gates was the one they were talking about😂😂', 'IT expert here, 30 years exp routers are like a traffic cop directing data  only. He is lying', 'Italian, Russians, Chinese were supposedly interacting with the routers !!! MADNESS.', '*Justice for Tara Reade !*\n2% Kamala:   _"I know a predator when I see one"_ \n2% Kamala:   *_"I believe ALL Biden’s Accusers"_*\n..........👴💤 :   *-BELIEVE WOMEN-*  ✌️😷✌️  *-BELIEVE SURVIVORS-*', 'UNLESS THERE IS TRANSPARENCY YOU CAN NOT DISPROVE CONSPIRACY THEORIES AND YOU CAN CALL IT A LIE!!!', 'I have my "six", I live in Texas and she better watch her "nine". I NEVER come straight in. Just off your peripheral. Come on down and check my "six".... lmao', "This is insanity that's going on in Arizona politicians threatening other politicians with physical harm.    It's even more concerning to know that one of them was a former Marine and that individual has disgraced all Marines by being part of that message and that individual is a traitor to our country and Constitution.", "Having the routers wouldn't give them any information relevant to the voting machines. Logs on the routers are short-lived and are usually gone long before they can even be looked at. They are generally configured to send their logs to a centralized logging server where they can be viewed long into the future. Those logs are for the most part only going to include blocked connections as logging accepted connections consumes too much space. The routers also do not store any important information on them outside of their configurations. Giving these routers up would expose their configurations and possible attack vectors to third parties which could be disastrous for that county's IT department. Anyone that thinks providing the routers is a good idea or would provide any relevant information doesn't know anything about routers or IT security.", 'Is it the Italians or the Chinese I can’t keep up', 'Just give them the routers and laugh in their faces... get it over with already..', "It's time to gather up the damn Dominion voting machines and have a big bonfire.\t😐\t|", "Did a elected official just use name of the Air Force and U.S. Marine's to threaten the life of another elected official???? My questions 1. Is that a criminal act, in legal code?\n2. What is the Air Force and Marine's stance on having their names used in this threat???", 'I am an AF vet.\nI am disgusted that any prior military member would threaten bodily harm on public servants.\nThey’ve broken the oath.', 'Why are voting servers connected to law enforcement? That seems like a lame excuse', 'OMGOSH … too long too much BS… the pillow guy needs to go to sleep…leave us alone. So sorry these officials have to carry the burden of the GOP BS on their back. Isn’t this type of threat prosecutable? The #GOP seems to be completely lost 😡', 'State of Wisconsin issueing subpoenas for a audit... here comes the BOOOM!!', 'How do any republicans even get out of bed every morning? They have lost their minds! The election is over and has been for months, yet they have nothing better to do with their lives!!!!', 'All of this nonsense over someone who wants to play "President" again. Not sorry, Diaper Don, playtime is over!', 'How long will the threats against our elected officials continue before legal action is taken. No matter where in the US it take place. Get an attorney. This must stop.', "The other issue is if the government continues to mock and ignore thousands of citizens with concerns for election integrity, then we are done and shouldn't pay taxes, and they are no longer legitimate.", 'Funny how it’s baseless when a democrat wins but Russia collusion baseless claims weren’t “baseless” when Trump won😂\nClowns.', 'This is the way people behave when they believe they are above the law.\nThey arent above the law... are they?', "The GQP is STILL focused on losing the last election? I'm lovin' the endless MAGA tears, but I can't keep up, drinking so much of them.", 'This is the end of Republicans. And the best part is they are doing it to themselves.', 'This is getting out of control. Anyone who is pushing the "Big Lie" needs to be arrested. Threatening someone\'s life for not pushing false tales is a crime. Not only that, but being an accessory to what happened in January. Anyone who is pushing the false claims or threatening others needs to be arrested and jailed without being offered bail. This is just my opinion.', 'Extension chords that is were everyone should be looking the extension chords', "And, if they got the routers then they'd want all the keyboards. And when those keyboards didn't show anything either they'd want the monitors.  It's an endless grift. There's no way to satisfy these morons.", 'These re-counts efforts are sham.  Sounds like they want the servers for more strategic and nefarious purposes.', "As others have pointed out (Kawasaki Ed for example), the use of the term 'routers' with respect to the audit suggests a platform on which only network connection data would exist, not personnel files or any of the material 'Bill Gates' claims he is trying to protect. The larger issue: if in fact the vote counting machines were implemented on a PC running Windows, or any other generic PC operating system, there is simply no way that machine could be effectively certified for use in counting votes. There are dozens of not hundreds of ways such a platform could be compromised -- for the express purpose of changing the vote-counts -- impossible to detect, before, during, or after its use in an election. We live in a country which is rotten with corruption in the public-sector, aided and abetted by their cronies in the equally corrupt media. Utterly disgusting.", 'When are these people gonna be held accountable for sending death and assault threats? Unbelievable these threats are happening day after day by “respectable“ elected officials without any criminal charges', 'This is America’s democracy!  It relies on having decent people, but decent people are hardly around.', 'The one thing you never see in video games...is respect for law and order.  We have trained a nation of terrorists.', 'I wonder if their "cyber guy" can explain why trump\'s so worried about other people not wanting to give something up (the routers) when he\'s still fighting like hell to keep his taxes secret. His supporters must be REALLY stupid if they can\'t see through that one', 'Anyone who says it is okay to "Not " turn over the routers and the logs is inhibiting normal democratic oversight Turn them over now.', 'Tell me Mike Lindell, is meth better than crack?', 'why is sensitive law enforcement information stored with voting results?', 'WHO! does information and technology benefit?! I guess the ones who steal it benefit the most, while we toil and...', "The fledgling fascists are walking in the footsteps of the brown shirts, threatening, spewing misinformation, blaming others. We always said it could never happen here, but now I'm not so sure.", 'No, this type cyber election fraud sounds nonsense...', '2016 presidential election information WAS connected to the internet......ASK ILLEGITIMATE GOVERNORS  RON DESANTIS & KEMP AND PREVIOUS PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP.', "CNN, you are giving pillow guy too much air time like you did to DT in 2016. Looks like you haven't learned your lesson. Pillow is doing exactly what DT did", "The Repubs are either eating each other or dying of Covid -- what's the problem?.", "Bozo Trump doesn't even know what a router does.", 'I saw a vid showing the court docs for using the leonardo satellite being used during the US election and how they were manipulated. There was a whistleblower also.', 'Routers … lol 😂 😂🤣 Dont forget the wires 😂😂', 'I would just give them the routers.', 'The military supporting this is what amazes me.  So I can no longer support the military as a whole entity.  I will take them one at a time and judge them individually.  I will no longer just walk up to just any military personnel saying “thank you for your service” because if that person supports the likes of Trump, they don’t support this country, and they are the ones I don’t give a rat’s ass about serving this country.  Because they are not serving this country.', 'Nobody would ever threaten my family without paying a price. Why are they taken this without any response, especially when they know who these dirt bags are.', "I guess my question is can you still hack something if it ain't connected to the internet", 'Have you seen the Senate hearing of irregularities in the election...', "Mike Kendell said attacker not the attacky ... it's victim.", "Isn't that a terroristic threat? The FBI should be able to track those calls down.", "Voter intimidation is a felony, so should threatening an election official to do their bidding, or else! Do you notice that it's the GOP who are using this tactic to raise money? Like Trump has shown , making controversy and then standing behind it, brings attention to them and donations, even if they aren't true or backed by facts.", 'Nobody involved in this process seems to understand what a router is and what it does.', 'Stay true about the truth.  Dont let haters and liars make you change the truth.get protection for you and others and families.\nGod will protect you and all those who refuse to lie for the stupid orange excuse for a man and his evil demons.🙏🏽', '“The big — baseless — lie” was never mentioned when Democrats made claims of stolen elections. In our system, candidates are allowed to question election results and investigate appropriately.  Millions of people are not CNN leftist drones and and have reasonable suspicions regarding several anomalies in the 2020 election.  The smug evasive attitude of CNN and other leftist institutions only gives cause for increased suspicion.  If you’re so concerned about threats, why did you have no care at all about a Marxist insurgency in the streets all of last Summer, burning down minority neighborhoods?\n\nDecent people don’t make threats but surely you have to know that continued dishonesty, censorship, and unconstitutional impositions upon the republic are not going to be accepted forever.\n\nAmerica is a free constitutional republic. Attempts to deprive citizens of that system will no doubt eventually be met by appropriate pushback. In the mean time, CNN should be wondering why their ratings continue to plummet, particularly among citizens who aren’t part of the elite statist establishment.', 'If given access to the routers Trump would be able to say whatever he wishes about them. He would then deny, deny, deny any evidence he is lying, knowing his followers will believe it as gospel.', 'When the hammer drops on this all big lie conspirators… I hope Martin Scorsese makes a great montage of all of them getting arrested to a really cool song.', 'Bad advice... better have eyes on the whole damn clock, every second of every day.', 'I love how obvious it is they have no idea how routers actually work. 😂😂', 'When did god become evil but the republicans made him that way .', 'Man, those Republican officials are really showing the country their "Christian values", huh?', 'If there was a modicum of fraud in Maricopa, it would be blurted out by trumpets. There is no fraud.', 'These guys should be held accountable for the threats they make this is unacceptable.', 'Mike Lindell is telling the absolutely truth. If you need to know if a router stores data, ask a pillow salesman (or a failed real estate mogul with a bad comb-over).', 'As for the N-N POFS police.\nLet the information out..\nLet people know what these corrupt N-N POFS police are doing.', "It is a good thing that CNN as a news network isn't biased.", "I just don't understand how these people are getting away with threatening government officials. Is someone going to have to die before they take this seriously & do something...", 'White Privilege is when you lose an election the exact same way you won an election but claim you were cheated. 🤣🤣🤣', "What does the name Tori Amos translate to in every language?\n\nMushroomed we are the truth - army of darkness \nMy backyard Edson Alberta Canada\n\nThe Schism video by Tool is a series of camera tricks using an Edmonton Alberta Cemetaries Crypt as it's location. \n(107 113 by the brick/ 711)\n\nThat is me on hands on knees. Both of them.\nThat. Me standing there pulling myself apart taking those trolls off my face.\n\nThe thing that is pulled out of its neck is truthfully a replica of something I removed from a gay man's penis who I just found out had uploaded the footage of our sex on xvideos.\n\nI have made zero dollars from the songs I wrote and the videos I made that this record company makes money off of\n\nMy music\nMy video\nMe singing.\n\nMaynard James Keenan\nIs a fraud.\nMy lyrics.\nI made my video\nIt's my voice on the album\n\nThere you are center stage.\n\nI want my money.\nI was tortured with sex and malpractice by the government so you could pretend to be me\nAnd sing my songs \nThat I wrote and made the videos for.\n\nYour record label has 72hours to turn themselves into the military authorities.\n\nLA cops aren't responsible for fake famous ppl that have real celebrities y\nTortured in other countries so they can rub elbows with the people I would have met\nAnd spend my money that I worked for and never got.\n\nhttps://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZS4HUVYLNF0cpm6SUcHxUb1RRt0QSVO_", 'OUTRAGEOUS: Biden Gang Tells Brazil’s Bolsonaro Not to Mess with Elections and Voting Machines - mind your own bizzness biden', 'Simple,they are, the liars, are the ones using the internet.', 'Well its no surprise given what Greene was trying to suggest in Alabama.', 'This could be good news of a sort. If they had the data they wanted they would release it and not need to threaten election workers.', 'These reps should be removed charged and put in jail!', 'WOW. These people are insane ‼️', 'Well Bill, you should have never stood by and started this Freaking circus to begin with.  We in AZ made our voice known by voting, you had 3 prior audits to check.  Yet YOU still brought in these clowns. Thank you for protecting our routers, where where you when we wanted our votes protected.  Those women should be arrested.', 'Time for law suits, arrest them, now', 'Arrest the State Senators making violent threats.', 'Sick twisted republicans!', 'How many times have the bos ignored the subpoenas ? Why would law enforcements information be in a router ? How are these baseless claims ? Sad that people still believe in the lies.', 'Put them on Micro Island with bad food and gladiatorial games and let the rest of us evolve in Macro World.', 'Seems that all Republicans do today is threaten and react!  Where are the Republicans looking into helping the American people instead of posing silly threats?', 'Yes says the guy who refuses to turn over HIS TAXES', 'Steve scalise proved the loons are on the left.', "Gee, why didn't they ask for the routers months ago? LOL!!", 'This man is staying rational in the face of incarnate evil.  May he receive a thousand blessings for his courage.', "Maricopa Board of 'Supervisors' and sheriff penzone are in way over their sophomoric heads. There are no family visitation right for GITMO inmates--that is, if they even are permitted to live by a JAG panel.", "Oh so now we can threaten people's lives with no accountability..Good to know..", "Interesting to see a failed democracy on this scale. Very educational for the world! The conclusion is: when you have too many 'low information voters' democracy simply doesn't work! Which explains why all attempts by the USA to bring democracy to third world countries failed. To see it occuring in their own backyard demonstrates the root cause perfectly. Thank you for this example. Too bad, it caused you... everything.", 'These claims about what they can get from this equipment is ignorant and confirms they have no clue what they are speaking about.', '"Routers" doesn\'t make sense, I wonder if they mean "servers". Routers, while they do have rudimentary storage, aren\'t designed to hold large databases, they\'re designed to route network traffic.', "America, as a nation... and while Democrats are nominally in control 🙄, need to step on this sh!t before the country turns into the 'Fourth Reich'\nIf you don't act... it's coming!", 'Is there a shortage of ink for arrest warrants?', 'Arizona seems to be a corrupted failed state, somebody should call law enforcement. Also congress and the senate should act, and make laws barring this state and the other states this corrupted from participating in national elections. This state should also not be allowed to have representatives in congress or the senate, until the corruption is rooted out.', 'Give Routers to Trump, find their data in Moscow 10 minutes after to prevent pee pee tape publication and whatever else Putin has.', 'I just love how the Republican party spouting law and order, conservative Christian values and a pro-life stance are now showing just how depraved they really are.', 'show them you are right give them what they need !!!', 'Screw law enforcement! Let them 🔥! Turn them over!', 'Italy?  routers??? I thought it was China! Omg! This is 🤪.', 'The music industry is a global military intelligence abacus using themed playlists and songs that are cheatsheets for detectives and other law processes.\n\nCrush censorship... lol.. flaming hoops on a unicycle. Super picky criteria.', 'This brave man is now realizing that the party he supported has gone insane . Time to find another political party to belong to , I would say .', 'Refusing to comply with a subpoena again... they should be thrown in jail immediately,  just like any of us would be for failure to comply.', 'Report them to law enforcement and the Fbi', 'Nice cover story!', '"threats" lol. these "threats" are enough to put people in jail, but refusing to turn over the routers that you are ORDERED to turn over by a court is not? Get serious! If there is nothing there, whats the big deal? I dont care either way...because I dont believe anything will be changed, but ultimately, have of the people commenting on here are clueless and blindly follow the media.. its sad really', "These deranged Republicans have no 'situational awareness' - they are just little rage bonfires.", 'you started this, now the people are finishing it!', 'Get the names of these Republican traitors out to the public who are making threats, the people will take care of them.', 'Jail time for the Board of Supervisors is fast approaching. Enjoy watching them squirm. It will get even better.', 'YouTube can’t remove videos fast enough to keep up with the lies they are pushing on MSM !', "The GOP has been showing their hands since the election was called. Why aren't these hands in handcuffs?", "Lets Audit the Arizona State Republickin's Income Tax's and we'll see all the fraud and cheating !!!", "Isn't physically threatening someone else like that illegal?", 'LMFAO, Bless Her heart', 'I thought the routers only had voting info on them like the vote count nothing more, unless they were connected to lets say the INTERNET?', 'The US political environment is the biggest circus since Ring A Ling brother.', 'Routers only record which machines communicated with election machines, no threat to sherrifs only to traitors', 'Ohhhh a cyber guy huh Mike? Sounds legit', 'Has anyone done anything other then threatened ? Is that why all of these GOP members have no backbone?', "It's saddening to see these crimes being committed in public, and no one is being held  accountable!!", 'I like when tRump asked the question "why are they fighting like hell to keep the routers private?" When many other people are asking "why is tRump fighting like hell to keep his tax returns private?" – Don\'t people see the irony here?', "So I'm confused.  They said it was China and bamboo...now it's an Italian 'SPAGHETTI GATE'?", 'You cannot give sensitive info. After cyber ninjas screwed everything and malware destroyed the machines. And has to pay millions back! Arizona sue them!', 'The second she said "sham audit" ...instantly all accountability went out the window.  If you\'re so sure in yourself/the process..let the audits happen', 'If they used the routers to send the votes to an Italian satellite to then go to a place that can change the votes from Trump to Biden we need to know how many votes were changed . It could of only been 10 votes.', 'This is completely INSANE.', 'This is a national tragedy.... lied to on all fronts....  the judicial system refused to look at the audits and proven fraud during the elections... the took a let move on approach.... you dont think Americans are not going to be irate soon????', 'Why is people personal information being shared with law enforcement', "Threating an State or County official is a Class A felony and it doesn't matter if the person who is threatening them is a elected official!!! Arrest her today !!!", 'Why are you fighting like hell not to give up your Tax returns?🤔', 'the fact that these two Arizona lawmakers who gave these threats brags their ex-military identity in their threat truly tinted the honor of US armed forces ... these fascists deserves no place in a democracy', 'Why cannot the FBI stop these people getting threats.', 'Gaslighting!!', 'I was a C-141 pilot, later flew a C-17; I would NEVER speak like that. There were quite a number of Christofascist in the USAF during my time in the Air Force but for the most part, they kept their mouths in check.', "Even the official doesn't seem to understand what routers are.  The routers won't contain any databases, won't contain any data.\n\nHowever they WOULD contain sensitive information about how the internal network is setup, it's the equivalent of handing over your broadband kit.  With that piece of kit a hacker can work out how to access your network as if their computer is a legitimate part of the network.  Once inside they could potentially get access to those databases and start pulling out information or potentially even changing it.\n\nYou could also use the information in the router to send information to other computers out on the internet ~ as if you were Maricopa County ~ very handy for creating fake emails, fake logs, or anything else you need to create a false trail.\n\nThe most simple answers to the demands are -\n\n1. the voting machines were not connected to the internet, therefore there are no routers associated with them.\n\n2. we can't hand over the routers for Maricopa County, as doing so would disconnect the entire department/county office from the internet, we would have to buy new equipment first and then update ALL our computers to use the new routers before being able to hand over the old ones.\n\nThis is basically about as stupid as asking a large company to hand over it's phone switchboard...!", 'Routers maintain perishable tables of IP addresses, hosts, and domain names. If you turn one off to move it, it has to rebuild and cache the lookup tables. The CONFIG file *does have* settings and visible admin passwords, in addition to end-to-end VPN information for routers at admin offices, police HQs, and prosecutors/law/court offices. The inbound/outbound sessions perish as internal devices cycle on and off. Those are called "sessions" and are super volatile...given limited memory, they age out. If the routers don\'t log to a server, there is nothing to find.', "I'd actually love to hear Trump or Lindell explain what a router does or is, lol \nFirst it's the ballots were made in China & we gotta look for the bamboo fibers, now it's the routers are working with Italian satellites... next it'll be they beamed up & switched the real ballots ala Star Trek", 'Poll Shows Democrat Governor Newsom Losing Recall Election by Double Digits Now', 'You trumpians need to "watch your six"', 'Did you hear what he said he says to other law enforcement from other states can get the data so that means that the routers are hooked up to the Internet', "So this was their plan: subpoena until the board refuses to hand something over, then use that refusal as the basis of 'conspiracy' claims.", '*The election was a fraud! Except the seats repigs won!?! UNPHUCKING BELIEVABLE!*', 'If the election was on the up and up why not let them do the audit?', "Just love those Republican Christian values. Send threats to the people you don't agree with", 'Remember only Cowards attack someone from behind. So...Yeah!', 'Seems to me like a perfect RICO prosecution.', 'Bill Gates (not that bill gates) Hopefully, can press charges against whoever has been harassing him.', 'This is where we are at now ? People who tell the truth and do the right things get threatened! The Republicans need to get it together  or they will continue to be voted out !🤔🤡', 'Italians now? 🤔 Oh well, many more names of countries to throw in the hat in the coming months.', 'Co-operate with the audit unless the election was rigged', 'Why is Trump fighting fighting to keep his taxes secret?! What about that!', 'In Florida if someone threatened your life... you can kill them!!!!!', 'Why is the pillow guy still getting air time?', 'Praying for Everyone.', 'Rodgers a 5 time campaign loser was a Social Worker for the Air Force who fosters an abusive workplace environment with complaints filed by her staff.  Perhaps she should be more concerned about her six', "Well there's goes our future vacation plans to Arizona!\nIf your not safe as an elected official, then your not safe vacationing there!", 'The router has nothing to do with any voting machine in the USA🤣🤣🤣', "Italy wasn't capable of this type of attack!  Why would they want to be.", 'Time for a call to arms to the blue states. The reds are out of control and itching for trouble.', "It's 2021 and our children are watching. As a former Marine brat (dad served for 20 years) and former Army spouse (husband served for 23 years), I am appalled.😳", 'Home of the free, land of the brave?! What happened. Home of the misguided Republicans & land of the “I Won” even if I lost idiots.', 'An educated populace would never have allowed our voting process to become so excoriated. The empire is fading away.', 'You threatened to dox that kid over a meme remember?', 'Why do Terroristic threats never get punished as quick as it would if it were an individual making them instead of a political party?', 'Having done some of this type of work, the "my pillow guy" does not know what he\'s talking about.', 'Your all going to prison soon enough.', 'Wouldn’t you need to be connected to the internet to share this “information” with lawinforcement across the state? Why would secret lawinforcement data be stored on a computer reserved elections? Shouldn’t they have their own routers?', 'Someone needs to ask Gates who he voted for in the 2016 and 2020 presidential races. In so many of these cases -- those who stayed silent or helped build the monster are now running for their lives because the beast has turned on them.', 'These GOP trumper guys are all nuts plus how many months have they been counting votes… it amazes me the GOP senators still play quite Communism', 'My god these People are idiots. “We’ll get the routers and take the packet captures from the election from them”, that’s not how routers work. Packet captures must be taken at the time of the traffic transiting the network, not nearly a year later. Any one with a basic understanding of networks would know that, proving that they know nothing, and they are lying to their gullible supporters.', 'SO VERY SIMPLE TO PROVE IT WAS STOLEN...YET CNN IS SO SCARED OF FACTS', 'Tell republicans check there 6, because Democrats are coming.  Az blue.', 'The Land of Az. No Thank You.', 'An Italian man from Italy signed an affidavit...concerning election fraud...', "This is getting old tired of it. He lost and that's it. Hold him accountable for his crimes so we can move forward. Our country needs healing .", 'Ephesians 6:12\nFor we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.', "dear lord ! just tryin to picture what a deep fried fauchi would look like, and it doesn't come close to kfc.|", 'ASK KAREN FAN AND MEMBERS OF THE ARIZONA STATE SENATE ABOUT DEATH THREATS FOR THE LAST 4 MONTHS!', 'I wonder if CNN is manipulating the up vote.  It kind of reminds me of the 2020 election.', 'That auSHIT is still going on??? 🙄😏 All those machines and everything they used MUST be destroyed when they are done doing their crap AND they need to pay for new ones, NOT purchase new ones but give the money to purchase them. Also, they are just plain seeking information to use to their advantage, not seeking the so called "truth".', 'The routers are under audit. They can’t release them', 'The described is also not possible.\nRouters do not typically ship with a feature to capture and log all packets nor would it be feasible. Also, packets must be captured at the time of transmission between the endpoints communicating.', 'That’s a threat to public officials which is against the law', "I hope law enforcement is aware that Trump still thinks he'll be reinstated this coming Friday 13th!", "Behind the scenes, it's all of us....", 'The county has personal information of citizens on those routers? And anyone with a brain accepts this load of nonsense?', "And...there's Crazy Mike Lindell. Literally a Human Virus that has once again infected my day. CoronaMike. OMG.", "If there is no 'storage' of any data, traffic, or information passing through a 'router' WTF!   No one clearly states that!  Nothing is at risk if there is no data!  Shit, all these people are stupid!  Stop giving air time to this crap!", 'Lock them up', 'If there is nothing there quit interfering with it.', 'Any public official that threatens another should be fired and tried in court and jailed', 'No big deal. The guy is a Republican who would vote for the same guy leading with the big lie.', 'All these thugs should be thrown out of the country or put in jail.', "It doesn't make since routers or servers police operations wouldn't be stored on same as civies all this the information this guy is claiming to want to protect I can literally obtain public record or with a 9.99 background check", 'To all who come here and to the Host Janine be Blessed.    On YouTube look up How I became a millionaire by Sorelle Amore Finance.  You will be amazed.   Thank you', 'Fraudsters in panic!', 'Arent death threats illegal?  Time to hold them criminally accountable.', 'When you’re a doubter, blame the router.  Neither are connected to the internet.', 'Why does the media keep giving air time to insurrectionists like Trump and the pillow guy?', "I'm pretty sure that it is illegal to threaten someone like this. Get the police involved.", 'The GQP is in full control of the AZ Senate.', "As a few people have already commented, let's use a bit of logic regarding this audit.  There's only so much you can do when looking at a bunch of ballots.  It's been over 4 months and they are still going at it.  It's obvious to me that the auditors have gone far past the fact-finding stage and are now fully entrenched into the grifting stage.  I just wonder who's paying for this money-grab.", 'This is just plain NUTS! These people are looking for something that simply does not exist. Talk about a witch hunt.....', "If the voting machines We're not on the Internet ever then why do they have routers. And why would the police department be connected with 30 machines in any way shape of form", 'CNN is drowning in its own excrement.', 'CyberNinjas will be looking for bamboo fibers in the routers.', 'An obvious sign your argument lacks validity: threatening those who disagree with you.', 'WOW  Do you all hear yourselves U.S of A? This is incredibly insane IMO,', "If anyone else makes a open threat they would be arrested.  Officials should be held to a higher account and they should be arrested as well.  They're collected officials not royalty.", 'How does this behavior get by. Strip them of their seats', 'Name and shame the people doing the threatening. Obscurity protects them.', "Those treacherous Cyber Ninjas have already infected the voting machines with malware.\nIt doesn't take a lot of imagination what they will do with the routers if they can get their hands on them.", 'Why the hell do they keep talking about routers? Don’t they mean servers?', "They'll  ask for 30 year old wall sockets and old TV antennas when they still don't find no fraud and then say they weren't provided with all the data and thats why there was no fraud discovered! There despicable at best!", 'wasn\'t it great when Biden told trump, "would you shut up, man"', 'nice to actually see the people who are going to jail', "Imagine turning over millions of people's data to a group called CyberNinjas.", 'Absolutely don’t give them you routers! They’ll wreck them just like all the machines they confiscated and are now useless. Taxpayers have to foot the bill but Cyber Ninjas did such a bad job and ruined them now they should pay!', 'GOP brought this madness upon us all...', 'Your intimidation methods are failing CNN.', '😆 🤣 they are hiding something. Turn over the routers', 'In most countries that would be an jailable offence of threatening behaviour.', 'Before Don..... American dream\nAfter Don.....some repairs and maintenance required.', "Umm.... isn't menacing (meaning threatening with violence) a felony? So.... when can we expect some grand jury investigations, indictments, arrests, and trials for these maniacs? Stop pretending this is some kind of 'protected political speech'. No, no it isn't. You cannot simply threaten another citizen with violence without consequences. Rule of law time. No ONE is above or in any way 'immune' to consequence no matter their position or social standing.", "The machines doesn't have to be connected to the internet people can still hack through wireless routers. Nice try CNN", "I don't like the idea of the routers getting into their hands.", 'These republicans are out of control crazy these days.', "Why would police departments need our personal information?  Something's not quite right.", 'The true audit of every ballot cast in Maricopa County will be released!\nAmerica’s audit.\nNot handing over everything makes you guilt as hell.\nWhy are law enforcement in your election data base?\nSo Dominion didn’t have access to them?\nLiars', '🤣🤔 I thought it was the other bill gates never heard of this bill gates lol', 'Can you believe that there are people out there who actually think dRump knows what a router is?', "Lol they want the routers. Well I think servers would be enlightening to whatever you are looking for but routers don't keep records. I want the plug-in. Where are the wires? We need the telephone poles and air the signals ran through.", 'What the f is this guy talking about? He started mixing up stuff. He gave a lot of misinformation there. I am in IT and none of that made sense', 'Oh and lest we forget, Trump is already 0-61 in legal challenges to the election.', "Routers don't store information. They will show if the Dominion machines were sending and receiving votes during the counting of Americans votes.\nMike Lindell has nothing to do with Arizona. \nI support the audits.", 'Wait... Jesse Dollemere On his show has a better excuse... Jeff Clark  claiming "Thermostats" that are smart thermosts... Are connected to China & that\'s what changed votes. Hysterical', 'now they are saying chinese thermostats were connecting to the voting machines....wtf', 'WHY IS THIS KIND OF THREAT BEING TOLERATED ANYWHERE BY ANYONE!?', 'Aw jeez i dont know how a computer works but i think we need to see the router, attach it to a flux carburetor, mix it with dionic crystals aw jeez fraud aw jeez filibuster general aw jeez guyz', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'Arizonans need to end this BS.', 'The Republican clowns responsible for the Arizona ballot fiasco are absolutely pathetic, not to mention potentially criminally liable for interference.  They should also pay for new voting machines, since their foolishness has contaminated the old ones.  Arizona voters also would be well-advised to vote out the conspiracy-theory saturated lunatics any chance they have.', 'Let’s see the real audit in Maricopa let’s look at it before we judge it remember it’s been through plenty of scrutiny there was hundreds of lawyers trying to stop it let’s see what happens', "When you didn't win.... But refuse to lose", 'Routers show who did the massive fraud, nothing else.', "It's not the audit that undermines democracy. You are afraid the the results will show that democrats did infact undermine democracy. The Audit is applauded and the results will be respected one way or the other. This is what happens when you spend 4 years trying to remove your 'opposition' everyday after being in power for the prior 8 years", "These nuts are going to give everyone's privacy out.  Class Action lawsuit by AZ tax payers, naming all Republicans who voted for this Audit.", "You've lost the audit.  Dominion won your election.  Nobody likes your potato.", 'Don Donny thinks he is mafia boss of GOP and they are all indulging him.', 'Cuomo’s? Do you? Or, don’t you? 😂😂😂😂', "I believe the recount is more accurate than the original vote count! The recount is looking at the votes more throughly than before. If the mail in ballot had to be folded to fit in a envelope why was ballots counted that were flat pristine paper never mailed! That for one thing is a dead giveaway something isn't right. Then when serial numbers don't match, non-registered votes were counted by people we don't know anything about and don't exist! We have to do a recount!", 'trump doesn’t even know what routers are🤡\nAsk him: oh they are big beautiful routers, great routers', 'Take them to court!', "Why don't the FBI arrest these threatening people?  They're dangerous !!", "Just like tax returns and Trump fighting like hell to keep them a secret....\nWhy do Republicans get sooo many bites at the apple, and we either audit the entire election, not just Trump's losing districts, or announce (with proof) of fraud, or give it up!!!!", 'I know that our prices on food energy prescriptions and fuel has gone up in the last 7 months . I want Trump back', 'Amazing he can say”cyber ninjas” with a straight face', "Hey CNN, I see you have ZERO coverage of the police officer shot and killed in Chicago during a traffic stop with her partner in critical condition. Why is that? That's 30 officers shot at this year alone in that city alone? Let me guess, their lives don't matter? It doesn't fit in to your coverage, does it. Why is that?", 'I wrote the stories Disneyland uses for their theme park.\n\nWhat letter of what alphabet is a Mickey?\n\nHewey Dewey and Louis are what letters of what Alphabet?\n\nHarry potter characters are named after what letters of what language?\n\n3 little pigs - 6 differences = uncle scrooge\n\nSnakes on planes - trains - sharknado\n\nBlank spaces transmutate world processes using logical equations found at the Casino.\n\nOceans eleven 12 13\n\nUsing these words in the Blank spaces (Readers digest article to mass produce literature due to water parasite global problems):\n\nGoogle\nFacebook\nTwitter\nInstagram\nMicrosoft \n\nNever very something. Nothing very right\nNothing left\nNowhere very wrong\n\nSomething very wrong\nSomeone very right\nNo one very left.\n\nVery = (.)\n\nNothing =\nNowhere =\nNever =\nNo one =\n\nNothing (.) Right\nNowhere (.) Left\n\nWhisper\nWhimper\nWhipper \nShipper\n\n\nScream\n\n\nAll the free games on Google play are..... your new high-school. Detective101. Anti gambling technology. Keep looking.\nRocket science cognition teaching strategy using psychological teaching techniques.\n\nHome schooling? Google Play is your new high school.\n\n#NewYork\n#Columbine\n#LA\n#California\n\nPlay a movie and listen for the command sentences in the film.\nDo you have the right instructions?', "Republicans seem to want a transition to fascism. Even Foxs Tucker Carlson is broadcasting from Hungry, praising it's authoritarian government.", "The Big Lie is now having babies! Itty bitty lies that will grow into toddler lies and, eventually teenager lies and full grown lies. This is why the Bible prohibits 'false witness' - lying.", 'Sounds like Arizona is trying to out-crazy Florida.'], ['Why did he need a GoFundMe to collect donations...I thought they hated the idea of universal health care and considered it a hand-out! Now when the hospital bills rings his door he wants hand-out donations on GoFundMe! What an irony!', "Mannn USA is a different kind of place, there's vaccines around but there are people who chose not to get vaccinated. If I had the chance I would get the vaccine in a heartbeat, here where I live is just pure chaotic.", 'This is the best evidence for the existence of a just God that i have ever seen.', 'The TVA has not pruned our timeline yet, it seems.', 'For a nation with out mandatory voting  these "installed" politicians have the power to kill with wilful ignorance', 'When did getting a vaccine become a political stance?  People can be such idiots.', 'This man got himself a Darwin Award 👏', 'The difference between genius and stupidity is that there are no limits to stupidity.', 'Remember Jim Jones followers and the kool aid?\n"The Truth is stranger then fiction."', 'I don’t feel schadenfraude for these people. I just feel indifferent. What I CAN feel is hatred for the political hacks who filled their brains with the poisons that killed them.', 'Same thing happened during the Spanish Influenza pandemic. Those who don’t learn from history are, indeed, doomed to repeat it.', 'Trump, should take responsibility for his GOP people.', 'the most disturbing of all of this is that a wife filled the dead guy’s seat', "Instead of putting covid patients in the bed's of patients with heart and other major surgeries, put their asses in the chair's to recover, it's not like they cared before", "I'm sorry, I don't feel badly for these people.  I feel badly for my friend who was so careful and afraid to get it and died within 15 days because she had asma and the vaccine wasn't available yet.  \nWake up people.", "Why is it, 'That it only becomes important when it affects you' seems to be the mantra for so many of the gop.   If you are a leader, you are supposed to lead, not follow the orange man.", 'Do we know whether Trump personally talk to those families whom lost their love one as they openly supported his view on COVID?', 'At this point I can do is laugh.', 'This virus does not care if you are Republican, Democrat, or even if you believe in Santa Clause. \nUtilize the resources available, keep your loved ones safe, and above all research the vaccines based on medical scientific publications and findings, not political opinions. \nGod bless and be well.', 'Talking about the Klingons, \n"Let them die!" - James T. Kirk', '"Remember to keep yourself alive, there is nothing more important than that." - Afeni Shakur', 'For everyone doubting how serious this disease is and refuse to get the vaccine and wear masks.  Please just stay away from everyone else.', 'congrats!', 'Mama always said, "Stupid is as stupid does." The human race doesn\'t need this level of stupidity.', "What sucks is the way covid kills you imagine fighting to just breath for days on end. most people can't take 10 minutes of water boarding imagine days of it.", '“The No 1 thing that we can do to support our local businesses is get out of their way”. Well he’s certainly out of their way now!', 'Thank you so much for taking care of all the sick patients out there. God bless you all ❤️❤️.', 'The sad thing about this is that even after his death people still wont listen to sense. Cults are dangerous people.', 'Schadenfreude is my new favorite ice cream flavour.', "Going to post a 2nd comment on this video. I wish more reputable doctors posted their videos on YouTube, then there wouldn't be a huge amount of fake news. If Dr. Fauci had his own YouTube channel, then I would stop watching CNN and all the stupid Trump supporters. This is the main reason why I don't use Facebook, or any social media for that matter (except YouTube, although I don't really consider YouTube so much as social media as the likes of TikTok and Instagram).", 'Ya live by the sword.  Or playing with fire. ..And you all know the rest of the story', 'Well wishes and love to his child who will now unnecessarily grow up without a father ❤️', "Amazing that people still think this is all a hoax. IT'S NOT LIKE THE FLU! Stop making this political idiots!", "One wonders if the changes of heart will extend to other completely illogical, counterfactual pieces of the right's current narrative.  I somehow don't think it will...", 'The movie "Idiocracy" has gone from being satire, to being a documentary', "Dr: What meds are you currently taking?\n\nPatient: Uhm...you're infringing on my rights.", "If you think your freedom is being infringed by getting a vaccine... just wait till you're on the ventilator.", 'Would you eat at a restaurant that had a big sign out front saying:\n\n“WE CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYTHING THAT HAPPENS TO YOU FROM EATING OUR FOOD!”\n\nI wouldn’t eat there!', '"I Can\'t Breathe" tee shirts can now be shared with anti-vaccers with the ventilator hookup.', 'In many places motorcycle helmets are required. And I find it more uncomfortable than a mask. And the helmet only protects the person wearing it. Masks protect the person wearing it and other people also including children and old people. And we won’t have to wear masks forever if the virus gets under control', '"Live by the un-supported claim, die by the un-supported claim..."', 'They just got what they deserved and were looking for. Furthermore, Republicans are also not clever enough to understand that Clean Energy production, storage, distribution and use is the real New Gold Rush for today and for the future near and far.', 'He got his freedom at least. Free from the clutches of life.', "I wouldn't give one cent to help them cover anything. He should've just stayed home and dealt with it. why put the strain on healthcare workers to take care of you when you were stupid not to take this seriously.", 'As Hawkeye once said "If there were more people like that there would be less people like that".', 'This is Darwinism in action.', "I have lost ALL - 100% - of any compassion I ever had for conservatives. Which leaves me here - the fewer of them there are, the better for the entire planet. Their obdurate stupidity puts ALL of the rest of us in danger on so many fronts I just want to wake up one day and find they've all been raptured overnight...", 'I think the story is more awareness than mocking like some people alleged,get the vaccine and protect your self and others,then let’s come back to politics healthy.', 'I just do not understand why vaccine creators/manufacturers absolutely take no responsibility/liability for their product. This scares many people off.', 'My Condolences to the Apley Family. However, like the old Saying/Adage says What Goes Around Comes Around.', 'The Grim Reaper is back to working overtime now, but this time lots of idiots waiting to be harvested.', "Remember in the 80's when the right wingers were saying that AIDS was gods way of getting rid of gays?\nWhat is their god getting rid of now?", "Don't mess with covid, don't know which way it will go for you. Better to be safe than sorry. Vaccine at least will give you a fighting chance to get better if you get sick.", 'Natural selection is alive and well.', "It's still unbelievable that millions of ppl would rather take advice from politicians and social media hacks about something they know nothing about rather than the expert scientists and doctors. Especially concerning their health and something that could kill you!  Half the country have seriously lost their minds 😣🙄", 'Ok....? He laughed in the face of a pandemic. Hard to feel sad.', "I'm trying really hard not to laugh...didn't work; I'm laughing my ass off!!", "I'm definitely not the first one to say this but I'm still gonna say it anyway. After all the times he mocked masks and vaccines, the fact that they set up a Gofundme so that others can fix the consequences of their bad choices is bloodboiling.", '"For the love of God", they fav line to use when dead wrong🙊🙉🙈', 'If your political statement contains the word “they”, you are the problem.', "I want to laugh but at the same time it is someone's passing so it is rude to do that", '*PREDICTION:* We will NEVER see an all-cause mortality comparison study between vaccinated and unvaccinated.', "Sometimes the purpose of a person's life is to serve as a warning to others.", "So we'll said it's a tragady?! 💔🙏😓", 'I was afraid to get the vaccine and made sure I had all my affairs in order before I took the vaccine. I took it and was sick for the whole two weeks after and instead of using my inhaler once in a while I’m using it everyday. But that is still minor.', 'Sounds just like high school kids this is the sign of the times children telling us the news . SKY NEWS IS AMERICAN', 'Poetic Justice, oh the irony', 'Republicans don’t like to admit that they are wrong even when they are sick or dead', 'Rip to this man it’s a real disease please be careful and aware of that it may save your life, life is too precious to be lost in vaine', '‘With freedom comes great responsibility’.', "I'm searching desperately for my tiny little violin.... Gotta' get new strings. I wore my last set out over the past year and a half!", 'I won’t be shedding a tear for someone who was given the chance at an education and decided to take it for granted.', 'He got what he asked for. Now, go to his GoFundMe account and tell his family he doesn’t like handouts and wanted this to happen.', 'I love to see these comments 🤔 praying for everyone', 'Survival of the fittest, what else can we say\n,', 'He gave his life for the "cause." I hope it was worth it.', 'Such a tragedy losing another pin-headed right-winger.', 'Natural selection that’s all I can say', "I can't say he won the Darwin award, but he certainly paid the price with his life due to his choices.", 'DeSantis might be the next', 'I have the feeling I might not miss these people too much', 'Seems befitting. Never a good thing when a fellow human being passes away but what do you expect? Rest his soul.', 'This is what happens when using mockery and scorn is used as a political statement....may God have mercy on your soul', 'Darwinism at work.', "Unfortunately it's those who listened to the lies, dismissed the science and had the erroneous belief that the politicians had their back who sadly pay the penalty for such belief. If it was \nthe Obese Orange Weasel and his minions in the Capital Building who dropped off the perch I'd be leading a brass band down Main Street in celebration.", 'Waiting to shed a tear..... waiting.....nope', 'This just makes Democrats day. Sheep on', 'I laughed at this together with the virus 😂', 'Fully Vaccine Rates are going UP .1 every day for a week. \r\nAt this rate the ENTIRE country will be FULLY VACCINATED in 49 days.', 'I’m telling you straight up that congressman from Louisiana’s wife is straight up lying. He either didn’t get vaxxed on purpose, or was waiting. I know the way they think because I live here. As a congressman he could have been first in line.', "Lmaoooo the vaccines have been available since like April. It's hard to feel bad for grown ass men who turned this science into politics about freedom", 'Let the virus serving the JUSTICE!', 'One down, 90 million crazy people to go. Let’s go Covid-19!', "I'm trying to understand how wearing a mask is such a big thing but it's expected when you have a surgery AND vaxs were always required for entering school or going to certain countries. So what gives with the resistance?", 'The doctor alluded to a new phenomenon: “Karens” in hospitals screaming at ER workers while they are being admitted for COVID—or gasping at them, I should say.  Crazy times…..', 'Go fund me....no insurance????....Noooow they gone have me thinking #smokescreen', '"i dont really care, do you?"', 'The lack of trolls in these threads speaks volumes.', 'What a beautiful day.', 'As an elected official living off of our tax dollars, every dollar his family would receive from his death benefits should go to the families of those he infected.', 'Well, he died for what he believed in, what dedication.', 'May he rest in peace. That being said take the vaccine.', 'Yeah! The powers that be gave it to him! Take a double dose for me lady', '🤷🏻\u200d♀️ that’s what usually happens when you ignore science so …', "I'm so sorry I don't know who this is or ever heard of him \n\n\nBut he died from the virus for not wearing a mask *Karma* covid didn't like him at All😐  but may you rest in peace🕊️", "That's bull he will never be arrested !! I'll believe it when I see it\t😋\t|", 'OH, SORRY TO KNOW THAT. HE JUST ACCELERATED HIS JOURNEY TO AFTER LIFE! GOOD FOR HIM.', 'I support the rights of the doctors to not have to turn in for another 16 hour shift to have to ventilate people like this.', 'They burn mask and reject scientist recommendations...and then beat a trail to the hospital wanting scientist care.. .', "Repent the day of the Lord is at hand! Escape the wrath that is to come!!\nDid you know the bible says most people are going to Hell? There is a narrow road to get to Heaven and very few find it? Why is this? Because we are dead in trespasses and unable to have full revelation of the bible and God’s will for our lives. We need the merciful gift from God of regeneration. This is where God brings us to life and leads us to repentance and the turning away from a life of sin and leads us to accept him as our Lord and Savior. We become servants of Christ rather than slaves of sin. The bible says unless a man be born again he will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. The bible says we must examine ourselves to be sure we are in the faith! Is your eternity assured? Have you been reborn from above? I pray today that you will ask the Holy Spirit to regenerate you, teach you his word, and lead you to him if he hasn’t already. \nTitus 3:5\xa0-\xa0Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost;\nMatthew 19:28 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.\xa029And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life.\xa030But many\xa0that are\xa0first shall be last; and the last\xa0shall be\xa0first.\n\nIf you continue in my word you are my disciple indeed\nGive thanks in everything for this is the will of God concerning you\nI will bless the Lord at all times his praise shall continually be in my mouth\nPraying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;", 'The universal irony continues to write itself', '"Well well... How the turns tables...." - Michael Scott', 'GOP mocking masks and vaccine met Karma! As I keep saying let people live the way they want to live. Que sera sera whatever will be will will be. I chose to get vaccinated and I wear my mask. My choice! I do feel bad for healthcare workers because the unvaccinated has apparently made their jobs much harder!', 'I’m only concerned with what happens to innocent people.', 'Count me among those who think this is exactly the time for "schadenfreude".  I have very little sympathy for victims of their own bad faith.', "All I hope for is the next variant will be even deadlier in maybe a month or so when it mutates again because that's what viruses do! And eventually there will be no more anti vaxers or anti maskers aka republican's. I love watching natural selection in real time.", 'His decision!!\nHis Consequences !!\nPeople make a decision and will pay with there lives!!\nGrow Up people!!', 'Well he did not want to wear a mask 😷 or get the vaccine 💉. So that’s what happens when you dismiss what all these doctors been trying to tell you for months. But his family is in my prayers tho.🙏🏾', 'China has to pay for what they did with the help from the Demacraps.', '"Another One Btes The Dust"_Thinning The Herd', "😭😭 I'm sure that was the cause.  CNN is such a reliable source 🤡🤡", 'CNN can we get more stories like this?!?! I love how the GOP is killing their own because of the political division they create.', 'dear lord ! waiting still for all the lies to be reveal waiting for our country to be restored|', "Trumpty Dumpty wanted a wall.\r\nTrumpty Dumpty had a great fall.\r\nAll Russia's efforts and all MAGA's men,\r\nCouldn't get Trumpty in office again.", '"Idiots often die idiotically."\n-Darwin', '😂 not because he died but because everything nowadays is covid-19 !\nIncluding that dead cat I saw on the sidewalk !', 'I’m evil but I love this. I’m not evil because I care for fellow human by getting a vaccine and still wearing a mask.', 'What about Obama’s super spreader party! That’s ok we know he gets a pass! I mean it is Obama.', '“Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.”\n\u202d\u202dProverbs\u202c \u202d16:18\u202c \u202dkjv', 'Finally! a vírus that kills stupid.\nMy condolences to the family🙏.', 'Seems like a lot of people who publicly talk or mock it end up dead', 'With this psycho regime running our country I really don’t think it was the virus just my opinion!', 'What amazes me is that so many GOP will supposedly “fight for their country” by enlisting, and even supportive of a draft… but so little will use that same logic to fight a virus they can easily slow with very little effort.\n\n#PatriotsMyAss', 'I’m not going to lie i have had both shots of the phizer vax but summmofabiaotch they are pushing this shit so hard I don’t think I’ll get another one!', 'He looks as smart as he turned out to be', 'Congratulations for owning the Libs. Your Prize? A brand new casket!', "Well, I'm sorry for his family I guess", 'No “schadenfreude” whatsoever, every life lost is one to many… but hey, when everybody does his outmost best to convince them and they choose  to linger in their delusional rhetoric… what more can we do? Really only feel sorry for all the doctors and nurses who for almost two years now have to take care of them. Thank you for your service 🥰🥰🥰', 'These people have amnesia…. At first they don’t want it and then they tell other people not to get it while burning masks …. They later get covid and develop an immediate awareness on how real this sickness is……', 'When ur looking at 60 beds in a hallway you will wish u got vaccine just saying !', "He's not the first, and, sadly, won't be the last.  Freedom of choice is not freedom from the consequences of the choices one makes.", 'Glad to see someone willing to die for what he believes in- freedom', 'He didn’t care about others and has paid the price,let’s move on.', 'Republican doctors and nurses are vaccinated.  There is a time when being educated is more important than politics.', 'One beds left in emergancy  two waiting...one is antivaxxer..who should get bed?', 'He practically dug his own grave. Individuals who don’t want to get vaccinated are clowns 🤡', "I don't rejoice in anyone's pain or suffering. That being said, it's sad that this was the choice he made. It was preventable.", 'maybe he also had other health complications.. and also, his weight.', "Well, in the USA there is a plane with a targeting device on it. When you are hit by this you get sick very very fast and you pick up any illness out there or activates any illness being suppressed. Right after Biden got in office the plane started eliminating the opposing persons, they were claiming that they were looking for invaders of the Capitol. The same thing happened before Obama got in office. They used mobile units and planes to cheat signals. They targeted the Republicans. They pretend to be doctors without border using these wireless. They know who lives in what house. The system details your thoughts and finds out what you are within! Don't make this about the vaccine! I feel sorry for your ignorance. Voter fraud kills people. I wasn't even political but someone had hacked the system and was using my id and location and making me appear as political. Vaccines are for animals Immunizations are for humans! They took over the media!", "If you're stupid enuf to scoff at the cure for a disease which your lifestyle renders you likely to catch, you better betcha you'll look like a fool when you catch it. And you betcha that's what the world will remember you for above anything good or bad that  you've ever  done.", 'now let this be a lesson to the lot of ye', 'The Queen song "another one bites the dust" started playing in my head', 'Guess his child will say my dad died of stupidity as well!', 'I am getting tired of giving out Darwin Awards.', "I almost want to say he got what he deserved but dying from this disease is a dreadful way to die. People all over this planet are dying from lack of available vaccines while we privileged Americans have to be offered monetary incentives to go get free vaccinations. What's wrong with this country?", 'To start, if you are overweight or obese, you have an underlying medical condition. If you are of African-American descent, you probably have an underlying condition that you may not know about as access to medical care is sketchy. Then it goes on and on.', '"A wise man changes his mind......a fool never does".', 'This is what happened to idiots that think they know it all. Look @ where he landed. In a 6feet hole. Now the wife and kid are left behind. Who fault was that? Nobody BUT his. Oh well. The old saying said, hard headed child make a soft behind.', 'Yeah I remember Hermann Caine died lol it was ironic', 'Now the family is using Covid to garner funds and sympathy?  Go figure.', 'dear god , im glad they go back on i was going get a generator|', 'keep reporting these stories. Hopefully they’ll help a few.', 'Meanwhile Texas and Florida doing it’s mocking…who is that going you 2 states !', 'Can’t shed a tear for these people', "HAHAHAH this virus is a friend of Science that's for damn sure.", "Every politician will stand by their word/action and not act even though they know it's wrong. They will only act when it directly affects them. \n\nReal example: you see traffic law change in some state by a politician because they got a ticket or got stopped..even though they voted for the law or made it.", "Sadly, those who need to hear this won't listen or create a conspiracy theory about it.", 'SWEET JUSTICE!!!', "Well it's sad that it had to come to that.  No one deserves that fate but damn. Let this be a lesson for the others.", 'I applaud the result 😆', "I'm finding it really hard to stay compassionate here :/", "This is a great report!  I support Dr. R and all medical professionals!   Doctors and nurses don't need the added stress of treating politically sensitive  unvaccinated people with the Delta variant. Don't y'all know President Trump got his vaccine before the general public?  Please follow him in this!  Trump didn't tell his followers about his shot!   What does that tell ya?", "Their whole life sheep are afraid of the wolf but, in the end, it's the shepherd that slaughters them.", 'Good….more room for responsible, intelligent people', 'Survival of the fittest at work', 'As a vaccinated, mask wearing "liberal" I feel so owned...', 'He was jus killed by the system 😢😢😢😢\nGod is in control …', 'I can\'t wait for 5 years to go by for the GOP to call the virus "fake news" and "it never happened"', 'And Democrats everywhere CHEERED!', '😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂THATS what foo gets being stupid. The last laugh is on him.', 'They yelling “Freedom” let them be held accountable for their freedom. Send the vaccines to countries that want to have it. Let them be held accountable for their choices they want to take medical advice from Fox News and AM radio then they can live with their choices.', 'hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.... i feel for his kids, if he had any BUT in all honesty not having a stupid hick for a father will most likely only help them in their life.', 'He got covid because he didn’t wear a mask nothing to do with not getting a shot.', 'from a European perspective, it always surprises me that nobody mentions that these people in this type of videos are all (morbidly) obese. Every.One.Of.Them. I guess that type of body is so mainstream an normalized in the USA that you do not even consider it an abnormality any more. But the virus does. And it is. And it is deadly. That said: I do feel sorry for this person, and his family. No one deserves this, not even people who are too gullible and believe mobsters and sociopaths who cheated  their way to the top.', 'I guess he really showed them.', 'Dr. Reiner: "This virus has split the country by politics."\n\nNah. The country was already split by politics, particularly when the 45th President took the White House. This pandemic just became another hill that the Republicans chose to die on - even though there\'s nobody really fighting them on it. XD', "Come on folks, these folks might not share your politics, but it behooves all of us to have empathy for one another and not celebrate and laugh at anyone's Covid related death.", 'Oh tragic. I’m so sad  💁\u200d♂️', 'These type of people preferred their family to suffered their dead and be without them than accept that masks, vaccines and social distance are a must to do and not a political statement', 'Republicans: "forcing me to get a life saving vaccine is infringing on my freedoms!"\n\nOkay, but dying also kind of infringes on your freedoms. Really hard to do what you want without that whole breathing thing.', 'Is this the GQP\'s idea of "Pro-Life"?', 'Them: give me Liberty or give me death! \n\nDeath: and I took that personally.', 'Well judging by Obama 60th maskless birthday bash , I don’t think y’all should be judging. After warning we should all be mask even though vaccinated.', 'Those who refuse to wear mask even telling people also no to and end up positive deserve the infection. If they die, they only themselves to  blame.', 'tragic, avoidable, yet my sympathy wanes', 'What is the best kind of a Republican? A dead one. Keep it up Republicans.”One way or another coronavirus is gonna getcha, getcha getcha.”', "I'm vaccinated, but don't like masks.  I think the vaccine works tremendously well, and masks barely do anything but make it hard to breathe.   I would gladly get a booster.", 'finally some good news', "So what's gonna happen to that over 30k raised?", "Dr. Kumar seems to have grown older since he was last seen on TV. The pandemic seems to have taken it's toll on doctors.", 'So he falls into the 78 percent of deaths with covid. Obesity kills people.', "Rep. Julia letlow, my condolences ma'am.", "CNN...you didn't have to show that man's GoFundMe account. He and his family made their decision. Their decision has consequences.", 'Thoughts & prayers', 'To quote their dear leader “it is what it is”.', 'Ahhhh more fear mongering , i love it here 😈', '"Stupid is a stupid does" - Forrest Gump', "it is really hard for me to feel sympathy for these people who don't wear a mask !  I am not vaccines but I wear the mask , I started wearing my mask Feb 2020,  way before everyone else. I will continue to wear my mask even if it takes another damn Year !!     Be Safe,  wear a mask.", 'HE MADE A CHOICE AND NOW HE LIVES WITH IT...OH WAIT.....', 'In the words of their demagogue dear leader, "It is what it is. "', "Something just doesn't add up with these vaccines.", 'He roll the dice with his live for not getting the vaccine and he lose...  Unfortunately thousands of his followers will still roll the same dice with their lives.', 'Where can I hit: "I love it"?', '😂 sorry to be cold but this story needed to be heard', 'The "party of personal responsibility" wants you to pay for their coffins via GoFundMe', 'If you are electively against vaccination or wearing a mask and you come down with COVID…..then find your own bed…OUTSIDE of a hospital and treat yourself', 'Died "free"...legend  Ive been double vaxxed and use masks out of respect of vunerable others.', 'At this point, would be republican politicians dying of covid right before being sworn is just the silver lining. Another year and demographics should adjust considerably, this is the natural selection people have been waiting for.', 'Just here to see if conservatives & Republicans gone say: No not Covid, but yes the big gov killed him', 'we still waiting for the vaccine in Africa, dying in numbers and these bozos are turning it down, for the love of God!!!!', "Oh, Dr. Reiner, there's plenty of schadenfreude for people who publicly spread misinformation about covid and then got it. Listen to your doctors, kids, and not pundits.", 'One down a 1/3 left to go.....', 'Hilarious', 'Remember when Dwight Schrute said "We need a new plague"? Yeah, I\'m pretty sure this is exactly what he expected would happen. Natural selection at it\'s finest.', "He made the choice to die from Covid. I don't feel bad for him at all.", 'Thank You Donald Trump for your effort to develop and release the vaccines.', 'Just get the effing vaccine you dolts!   Give us a break already!', 'He was fat and unhealthy.  78% of the people in the ICU are obese 🤷\u200d♀️ if you want to survive start eating healthier and take your vitamins.', 'He got duped and now if his infant son lives, he’ll grow up without a father. I wish people had better bullshit detectors, or that they would at least just listen to their doctors, and recognize that they know more than us.', 'So....  we just gotta kick back and wait for the rest of the anti-vaxxer/anti-maskers to tip over?\nNotta problem!', "I don't have a gram (an ounce) of sympathy for them.", 'As my Pappy once told me, "Sometimes problems just work their way out".', 'And the 2021 Darwin award goes to...', 'THIS is what happens when a cult mentallity steps in, OTHER PPL start thinking FOR YOU !', 'Sure you are rejoicing over this but don’t change my mind.', 'RIP GENIUSES', 'The irony lol', "Darwin's Drift Nets have an exceedingly fine mesh, and they caught another one.", 'THERE IS A GOD!!!!!! 😷', "And what other health issues did he have? For that matter is the media gonna talk about those who died even with the jab? Oh right it doesn't fit the agenda.\n\nRule of 3 fs. Piss off media.", '👏', 'thoughts and prayers.........', 'I wonder how many people this guy ended up infecting, given that he was ignoring basic infection control measures.', 'He died for what he believed in-\nStupidity.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSorry, not sorry.', 'COVID Making America GREAT AGAIN.  1 less republicant at a time.', '3:25 Schadenfreude is wrong but who can help it?', 'The tragedy is when thease people are  on their death beds they all of a sudden want a  mask and a double dose of the vacine if possible.', 'There are going to be more and I’m sorry but I don’t feel no remorse for him.', "While it's always unfortunate when someone dies, and I won't take joy in that fact, these people really did bring it on themselves. It's just sad how people need to end up in a hospital bed hooked up to all kinds of equipment in order to take it seriously. Like they don't care about anyone or anything other than themselves until it happens to themselves. It's unfortunate that people are so self-centered and ignorant, but not surprising.", 'Darwinism.  Also. Why be there for them when they refuse to be there for themselves', 'I feel bad for the unvaccinated children he potentially spread the virus to. I feel bad for the nurses and doctors who had to treat him. That’s it.', 'Looks like God is sending them a message.', 'Hmm, his beliefs got him killed. Oh well...', 'I was thinking the same thing a go fund for what? This was his choice!', "Natural selection at it's finest.", "Well  yeaaah,  but there will be  a lot of ESTATE SALES   and job openings. \nI  find a lot of good used tools .\n\nIt's all a WIN !  WIN !🤔", "He ran to the emergency room as soon as he got sick. He didn't even have the courage of his own convictions. Pathetic that they did a go-fund-me.", 'America needs more of this', 'well hes free now. hes dead', 'Brilliant.', 'The world is laughing at us.', 'Apparently he thought loyalty to trump was more important than to his family. Do you think that his wife will get the vaccination now.', 'so anyways im going to the store, anyone want anything?', 'It is really strange that all these people shooting themselves with illegal drugs that can take their lives are so afraid of vaccinations that can save their lives.', "I'll keep my opinions to myself.", 'Guy was obese, and obviously in poor health. Way to mock him though CNN.', 'Karma - you can’t fight it!', 'hope more vaccine/ mask denials will follow soon', 'Thank you Dr!!', "Couldn't happen to a more worthy group.", 'The GOP need to just admit they’ve been wrong from the start about COVID. Continuing to give it the “Trump Treatment” is causing a disproportionate number of Republican voters to die', 'That guy in the hospital bed saying the stuff you hear from tv. They need to stop being vague and they need to say right wing television like Fox News. Just like this doctor saying from television no, people need correct that and say right wing television like Fox News', 'HAHAHAHAHAHAHA GOOD RIDDENS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'The hospitals shouldnt even waste resources on these dopes.', "It's hard to have sympathy for people like that.", 'Woah. Hang on. He encourages people to be unsafe, to spread the virus, to kill themselves and others, and his family wants the public that HE endangered to voluntarily donate to pay for HIS funeral?', 'And now CNN is mocking him....\nWow CNN,,,, you guys are definitely morally superior  ...\nYou should be ashamed of mocking the dead', 'Thank you Darwin', 'In the bright side, covid is like a Darwin award.', 'I\'ll take "Republicans who died owning the Libs" for 2000 please Alex....', "How can someone with any intelligence not believe we are in the middle of a pandemic!! He shouldn't have died.. he should have been told the truth by Trump and his administration from the get go and maybe he and hundred thousand other deaths could have been prevented!!", 'really need to mask up and get your shots', 'END OF CYCLE FORMULA FOR THE \'VACCINATED\'\n\nby Steven Fishman\n\nI am often asked the question:\xa0"If I have taken the "vaccine," how long will I live?\n\n\nI deferred this question to a friend of mine, Dr. Mylo Canderian, Ph.D. [born Milos Iskanderianos, Corfu, Greece, 1938], who developed the patent for Graphene Oxide for use as a Hematological Bioweapon in 2015.\n\n\nIn full transparency, Dr. Canderian is what I would call a "Genocidal Globalist," who follows Precept Ten of the Georgia Guidestones, which is very seldom discussed, stating\xa0"Be not a Cancer upon the Earth; Leave Room for Nature."\n\n\nDr. Canderian is a Medical Contributor to the World Health Organization and is also very supportive of Klaus Schwab and the "Great Reset," ushering in one world digital currency which is a secondary goal of the WHO for 2022.\n\n\nDr. Canderian is of the opinion that 95% of the world\'s population are "Useless Eaters" who need to be euthanized as quickly as possible.\n\n\n"Look at downtown Chicago, Baltimore, or Los Angeles," he has stated, "and you will clearly see why the Useless Eaters must be put down like rabid dogs."\n\n\nHe has expressed his disdain for "Infectious Educators" who promote Critical Race Theory, and is confident that the "vaccine" will put an end to "Human Cancer Upon the Earth."\n\n\nDr. Canderian is an ardent supporter of Freemasonry\'s Duty and Obligation to rid the world of the "Plague of Humanity."\n\n\nYet on a personal level, he and I share a passion for the same exotic dish served at L\'emince de Veau in Geneva: Cream of Hummingbird Soup followed by Elk Tongue.\n\n\nWe both are fans of Chef Gaston Sere de Rivieres, who is a culinary genius.\n\n\nSo, I asked Mylo, "How can the "vaccinated" know with certainty how long they have to live once they have been jabbed?"\n\n\nHe presented me with the information, called the "End of Cycle Formula."\n\n\nHe explained how easy it is to calculate.\n\n\n"The Power of Simplicity," he said. "There is a maximum cycle of ten years from injection to End of Cycle," [or death], he elaborated. "And it is extremely easy to determine."\n\n\nHe said any hematologist can see it within seconds under a microscope, and even more readily under an electron microscope. "The percentage of blood affected [or contaminated] by or with Graphene Oxide is the reciprocity of the End of Cycle calculation," he divulged.\n\n\nIn other words, an "inoculatee" [as he calls anyone jabbed with the Experimental Use Authorization Eugenics Depopulation Lethal Injection Bioweapon] having 20% Graphene Oxide deterioration in their blood will, barring any other input criteria, live for 8 years. [10 years less 20%].\n\n\nSomeone with 70% Graphene Oxide deterioration will not live more than 3 years. [10 years less 70%].\n\n\nDr. Jane Ruby recently was\xa0interviewed by Stew Peters on his podcast\xa0and showed examples of what the deteriorated blood looks like when exposed to Graphene Oxide.\n\n\nGraphene Oxide, for those who are unaware, is the component of Messenger RNA spike proteins and prions, which is at war with the heart, lungs, brain and blood for oxygen.\n\n\nGraphene Oxide is an oxygen sponge which deprives the body of necessary oxygen and causes many complications, including but not limited to anaphylactic shock, toxic blood clotting, fatal lung paralysis, mitochondrial cancer, and endothelial cancer."\n\n\nDr. Mylo Canderian\'s viewpoint is much the same as Klaus Schwab, Bill Gates, and the Big Pharma CEO\'s: LET THEM ALL DIE!\n\n\nI asked Mylo what the effect of second and third shots and boosters do and how that changes the End of Cycle table.\n\n\nMylo replied: "It is all measurable through hematological testing. The more shots and boosters the imbeciles get, the worse their blood will look under a microscope, and the quicker they will turn to fertilizer."\n\n\nFinally, I asked him how the plot to kill so many billions of people could be kept so secret by such a group of elites.\n\n\nHis answer was: "You don\'t know much about Freemasonry, do you, Steve?" And there you have it.\n\n"As far as I know, it is not possible to remove Graphene Oxide from the blood using NAC or Zinc but I will ask Dr. Jane Ruby.\xa0 I do not know where Mylo\'s patents were filed, but he has told me that the World Health Organization has them.\xa0 I will research it further, but I can assure you that when I worked for Norah Cali at the Progress for Peace Foundation, our interactions with Mylo were consistent.\xa0 As I said, I have met him in Davos, Switzerland.\n\n\nEven if there was some kind of half-life of graphene oxide in the bloodstream [which I have not yet ascertained as being a true hypothesis], that still would not speak to motive ("that\'s why they want to inoculate us as many times as possible"), once again evidencing the genocidal globalists\' intent to annihilate us all.\xa0 Their utter contempt for us is obvious no matter how many "variants" they create in the lab or how many "boosters" they introduce to wipe us out.\xa0 Mylo is 83 years old and lives very comfortably in (names location which i removed to protect Steven-hm) and finds my attempt to expose everything "laughingly self-destructive and pathetic," but he did make one interesting observation:\xa0 that both the elites [Freemasons, Council on Foreign Relations Members, Bildebergers, and the British Royal Family, etc.] and the "sanctimonious antivaxxers" [referring to me and our little club of protesters] have one thing in common:\xa0 we will all have to live together after the useless eaters are all dead, if and when we survive what is coming..."', 'To quote philosopher Nelson Muntz.."Haw Haw!"  And let me add a third Haw, because republicans dying of Covid, all scared and alone, IS that funny.', "Its being said, fish dies by it's own mouth.\nHow many more died because of his lies? RIP.", "Charles Darwin on the other side:\nWe've been expecting you.", 'Wonder how much he got paid for this.', 'My guy had it comin lol', 'Oh my, the irony.', 'People like him should be banned from go fund me. Too little too late!', "That's amazing, I saw a guy who mocked unvaccinated people as stupid and ended up dying after he got vaccinated.", 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'put politics aside?  getting vaccinated is a public health necessity not a political choice', 'THE MOST SERIEUX TREAT OF THE NATION SECURITY IN AMERICA IS GOP ...', '"Vaccines don\'t really work anyway."  H. Scott Apley 2021\n\nfart sound', 'scott said support local business he is , what funeral home  is he at?', "😜   🙂  , so where's the head line story about the fbi shocking arrest?|", 'Thank you natural selection', 'I learned a long time ago not to trust people especially these people', "There's going to be a lot of this, unfortunately.", 'Gotta love poetic justice', "It's hard to feel sympathy. He brought it on himself", '✌️🕊', "I can't even feel bad for these people.", 'I have a co worker like this who is anti Vax. But he panicked hard when he got a exposure scare. Still is anti vax though', 'Moderators are working hard this morning.', "Too bad that didn't happen to Nancy back when she was mocking the shut downs that Trump started. CNN showing their Agenda and not the truth!", 'Next time a gang member gets shot by a police officer keep this same energy about how u guys can’t feel compassion before u ask how is this the same well \n\nGang member supports gun violence and gets shot with a gun \n\nAnti vaxers supports not getting the vaccine for COVID and gets COVID', 'In my language, there is a saying that has meaning like this ‘ There is no point in using oven mitts after you burn your hands’. Felt like that one is appropriate to this situation', 'Wow. This is GREAT NEWS.', '"Give me liberty or give me death!" \n*You have chosen death*', 'As the former president once said: "Maybe he\'s looking up, I don\'t know."', 'Keep clearing those voter rolls.', 'wat gets me is they act like they didn’t hear trump on the phone saying “ covid is really bad stuff” 🥴', 'Please get vaccinated and wear masks - stay safe y’all. I don’t care what the GOP says, they can’t save you. They don’t care about people.', 'Do I give a thumbs up for this?', 'good!!!', "I too agree with the GOP official who  died HOWEVER I'm not stupid enough to not wear a mask. I DON'T AGREE WITH THE VACCINE BUT I WILL WEAR A MASK and take my vitamins", 'A person who didn’t believe on Covid, but Covid did believed on him. 🤦🏻\u200d♂️', 'Cnn you are sad for posting this in the way you are doing it for your agenda', 'Hahahahah played a dumb game and won a stupid prize 🤣', 'This does bring a smile to my face.', 'I trying to figure out the reason for the GoFundMe?', 'Republicans everywhere: "His death proves nothing!"', "IF YOU ARE SCARED WEAR YOUR MASK BUT DON'T MAKE ME DO IT 😠", "You people celebrating this man's death are displaying cult like behavior, you realize that right?", '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💀', "I don't experience schadenfreude when I hear of the deaths of these science deniers, belittlers of public health measures, I feel anger. How many of them caused death and suffering for others? When a drunk driver is killed due to their own selfishness and stupidity, seldom do I feel compassion for them. No difference.", 'His body just used the virus as an excuse to stop the abuse', 'I WANT to see the health records of this guys that died.....bet you they had serious health issues...before getting the virus', 'the vaccine for republicans should only be given after a full prostatectomy', 'Another one bites the dust !  Soon there will be no Republicans !   Yay !!!!   Keep listening to that inner voice in your head !!  Stupid people win deadly prizes !!', 'I was worried that “Idiocracy” would be real. But I should have know nature would self course correct. after all “Life Finds a way”', 'The Republican party must be voted out at all levels', 'Trump himself got the vaccine loooong ago. But some still won’t get it. It’s just sad.', 'Excellent news.', 'The dude had big ideas, but he was obese and did not take responsibility for health properly.', 'Imagine being on your death bed because you was listening to a damn meme.', '#naturalselection', 'Could these people have died if they had the vaccine? Yes or no, please. No need to muck up the facts with feelings. Also, please link your source.', 'Sometimes people get what they deserve.', 'The irony', 'I feel sorry for his son. Hopefully he will, one day, understand that his father was on the wrong side of history and make better decisions for himself.', 'One less red voter!', 'Free universal healthcare would pay for so much help for hospitals and patients!! Why are you not covering what we need more than just some dam vaccines!! Its pissing me off because they act like they care and are doing the most. Be they dont and are not because its easier to push everything on the people that cant do anything to change things. Mark my words the next wave will be on those pushing the vacc... 💯🙏', "Don't speak ill of  the dead.  Start blaming someone else!", "I know i shouldn't!! But headlines like this make me happy!", "Seeing that they treat it as something sad, I'm left puzzled. I can't see sadness in the death of someone that spent so much time trying to convince people to risk their lives for absolutely no good reason. He was looking for trouble... he finally found it. Frankly: good riddance.", "The reward for ignorance, don't want to curse the dead but no tears here.", "I hate this, it's so disgusting. I could say he brought this on himself and to make matters worse he spread these lies, but he left behind a baby. That child didn't deserve losing a father over political theater.", 'There is no reason for schadenfreude ! It is just sad ! He could live ! People take the vaccine ! Please !!!', 'I still trust the virus more then the vaccine', 'Thoughts and prayers. Isn’t that the refrain of the fascist Evangelicals?', 'Just keep believing everything they show you ... hell is real and eternally hot', 'A real class act CNN.  Wow must be desperate for those Tide laundry commercial royalties.', 'tragic lesson - one problem re: covid is the danger of obesity - not sayin\' this guy had that problem as who knows why the universe decided to off-planet this guy - P.S. kellyanne conway\'s "alternative facts" is now destroying this country - please people - wake up', 'CNN fires back with “low blow” lol', "- We do not want M4all, there is no need for medicines and medical services available to everyone.\nThen he died.\nThe wife days later: I need Gofundme to pay the astronomical hospital bills or I'm homeless.\nNICE.", 'He really showed the Libs.', 'The strong survive and the weak shall perish!', "Natural Selection at it's finest. Thank you Darwin!", 'This is what you get when "Owning the Libs" is a policy position.', 'these people live in small, rural areas\nthe odds of them getting effected are pretty low so that probably explains their denial', 'Apley: The virus will never get to me!\nCovid: Hold my beer....', 'are you going to blast now... the people that wore masks and got the vaccine that died? this is POOR taste.', '💘', "Once again, I just can't care anymore, and I get tired of hearing about these people who suddenly get a revelation or die being stubborn.....oh no, don't worry about those you have infected while strutting around in your self-righteous suit.....so, NO, I'm emotionally dead when I hear about these stories anymore......", "They should be denied medical treatment for being dumb, they want spread it and don't want to take it they should banned at places, places and different countries.", "I'm starting to notice a pattern, here... 🤔", "Burn those masks, burn them. Don't listen to the doctors and scientists. What do they know? Do what you want, what makes you feel good.", "He should look at the bright side. At least he didn't get any vaccine side effects.", "In other, poor countries, people can't afford the shot and are literally dying while waiting to get a shot.\nThis person had a choice to get it FOR FREE and chose not to and encouraged others to not get it.\nSorry, but I feel no remorse for the choice he made.", "Today was a good day one less Republican that could've voted!", 'This is so satisfying hahaha', 'This is what happens when a disease is Politicized', "so the democratic party hit squad got deploy because they made fun of the democratic party's virus. kinda sus 🤨 🤨 🤨", 'At first, health care professionals were dealing with responsible intelligent people. Now, these same professionals are having to deal with the dregs of society. IE, Republican idiots.', 'Legendary Karma', "Do the math. There's 18% of the population who refuse to be vaccinated or wear masks, and they are Republicans and conservatives.\nA million dead Republicans by next year!", 'Now show us a Democrat who promoted masks and vaccines and still died', 'When people have a reason to hate something that will help them in the long run , shows you how little people care for others until they are the one suffering', 'Add a another one to the "F around and find out" chronicles', 'He thought he was being cool with all the cheering when he burnt masks and he asked for it and he got it because he thought it was a joke.', "Only some of us can learn from other people's mistakes. The rest of us have to be the other people.", "Gee, the repugs are just so quiet about ALL these Deaths, aren't they!!!", 'And I’m judging them if they are unvaccinated. Leeches taking up valuable services because they decided vaccines are bad. Deny them access to care I  say', 'In the words of my old manager when I screwed up and figured it out: "It\'s amazing ain\'t it?"', '"It is what it is" - Donald J Trump', 'When you mix science with politics, you get politics', 'Yup when doctor tells you there is a virus and it’s deadly and you start mocking him for trying to warn you so you are safe . We’ll pay the price for being ignorant', "It's hard to break brainwashing. Even if the people who brainwashed you start dieing.", '👏 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏', 'Problem with Anti Vaxxers is the same as flat Earthers. You can present all the scientific evidents and videos of people in their dying bed, but these guy will just respond with a "fake news" comment.', 'I LOVE karma!', 'People donate to this antimask and antivaxxer?.  The damage he has done with his misinformation is catastrophic', 'Hindsight?.........for the blind?', 'It is well established that obese people are way more likely to have serious, even fatal complications from covid.  Look at him.  He is obese and obviously in poor overall health.  No wonder he died.  TAKE CARE OF YOUR METABOLIC HEALTH.', 'You get what you ask for. His fault, oh well', 'What great journalism... And now everyone feels justified L point the finger, laugh and throw stones at a man that lost his life. Who knows if he actually even died from covid...', "Whooops! Someone made a 'boo-boo'!", 'What comes around . . . . goes around.', 'This news brings to you by moderna and Pfizer 🤑', 'Natural Selection in action', 'We All know the Truth !\t😫\t|', 'LOL, got em', 'And it was his choice...let it be 🙂', 'Wow! Nice CNN. \nA real class outfit you guys are. \nTrue vultures sitting on a rock waiting for a victim to die so you can sweep in and pick the carcass clean.\nBravo!', "I don't understand why people deny science.  I just don't get that.", "All you need to understand is that your belief doesn't control reality.  Another way of saying it is that God is no respecter of individuals.  Things have to happen according to the design, whether its nature's or God's, regardless of what you want to think.", "I don't want to see anyone die but Darwin has to hand out awards to the idiotic.", 'Now he is a good repub!', "It's Darwinian. But then most of these people probably don't believe in evolution either.", 'This is what you get with "free choice\'.  Let this continue and celebrate...  Everyone knows dying is a possibility if you get this, especially if you are compromised.  Celebrate... these antivaxers were very brave, now very dead "patriots\'.', 'Sweet justice', 'Great!!!! One more pest out of the way', 'Sad but true, waiting on others to voluntarily transition✌\nLife is better without them. \nGod bless America, God bless the world. \nSeriously,  life is about choices.', 'Its ok to laugh.', "So its on him. lets move on.  Either take the vaccine or don't. Lets move on.", 'His body …His choice! He died on his own terms! Oh well ..', 'All you can do is shake your head or laugh', 'One small step for mankind.', 'lmfao, I love karma.', 'There is a God!', 'No tears here. Less Republicans to ruin the country. Let them give themselves a Darwin Award:)', 'RIP', 'All you have to do in order to get liberals to click like on the video is tune for the name GOP and something bad about them and it doesn’t matter what you say it doesn’t matter if the guys right or not looks like the like button we really need more free thinkers', "Anyways, what'd you all think of Suicide Squad?", '😂', 'And nothing of value was lost...', 'Darwinism at its Best!.', 'Retribution do work.', 'Another bigot went down, wadda you know!?', 'Natural selection at work. God correcting his mistakes.', 'I never get tired of watching these feel good stories.', 'amen.', "Sorry but I feel little sympathy for these people who lie to themselves but I feel very sad for those loved ones that they have left behind. It didn't have to happen.", "Sorry, I don't feel anything but Schadenfreude.", 'The ER doc …. I was to an er once at 5 am, I was up all night with two herniated discs in a lot of pain. The Er doc then gave me ibuprofen and sent me home. Never cared for me. Wasn’t there for me. Looked at me like a drug addict. 2 days later I had an mri to reveal the herniated discs. Meanwhile this ER doc was being a complete ass to me.', 'Don’t they say its in Gods hands and if they die, it’s meant to be… I do feel sorry for the selfless healthcare workers that have to care for them. I think they prefer the verse that says God helps those that help themselves.', "Don't believe all the Doctors, yet run to the Doctor when you get it! Ignorant people.", 'The average IQ goes up with each anti-vax death.', 'I dont see this as a victory. \nNeither should you. \nWhat has happend to people?', 'Humanity destroying earth and nature..    I might be turning into a horrible human being, but all I can say is he got his Darwin award!  I am not sure if Russian trolls started this or what, but I lost respect for a lot of people....', 'should be handing all that gofundme cash back', "When evil people politicize a pandemic for their own personal gain, this is what happens. It's a real head shaker and history will look back on this with total disbelief.", 'What was the purpose of this video? Is this really news? CNN and FOX dividing as usual....so sick of everything being political in this country. Both sides are the problem.', 'Awe man thats sooo sad😫😢', 'This has become the pandemic of stupidity.', "His death was the result of nature's culling of the stupid as not to perpetuate their gene pool. But sometimes nature just doesn't respond fast enough.", '“He like countless other arrogant fools mocked masks and vaccines, now his dead like countless other idiots who mocked masks and vaccines, how ironic”', 'You should tell Obama and his super spreader birthday party attendees', 'This is infuriating. These people are allowing for variants, putting the rest of us at risk and making it impossible for us to go back to some semblance of normal. If it was a matter of just them being affected by their irresponsible bullshit fine, I guess. But it’s not. They can suck it.', "Why being around people in crowds and not wear a mask or vaccinate?If you are going to be around people then vaccinate if you have to be around people then don't but use precaution.", 'Really he only cared about money now look. He died behind it. 😢 Remember he said it not real. With 600,000 people died 😔', 'I hope he didn’t send any of his child’s inheritance to the grifter and liar Trump', 'Developed covid symptoms and died. Cnn just tell the truth.  Id never fall for fake news', "I find these videos as wishful thinking. Until it happens, sorry guys I can't believe it 😢\t😙\t|", 'They are going to kill their own party off.', 'How much more can all you sane Americans take ? Greetings from Denmark 🇩🇰', "So we wishing death on people in this channel now? Rep or Dem we don't wish those things to people. It could have been you or your loved ones.", 'Nay Sayers always lose in the end. Keep your opinion to yourself, if are going to lie and kill people. especially your self. PERIOD!', "If you don't need a vaccine to protect yourself from harm then you don't need a gun to protect yourself.  Why don't hospitals turn anti-common sense folks away?  What?  You can't prove you got the free vaccine?  Sorry.  No hospital bed for you!  Go home to Trumperville.", 'Charles Darwin: "I tried to tell y\'all, but you flat earthers wouldn\'t listen."', "Just when you think something is so bad there can't be a silver lining, Covid kills a bunch of the GOP .", 'Darwin doing work.', 'Bless', 'As the old addage goes, "When your opponent is digging his own grave, you don\'t fight them for the shovel." In this case, it\'s a LITERAL grave!', 'There killing others spreading viruses including colds is the sick sad truth.', 'The propaganda machine is running at full speed.', "Sad thing is, you people are happy he's gone...", '2021 Darwin award nominee', 'I don’t wish harm on anyone but this guy was asking for it', 'Couldn’t happen to a more deserving person. You play stupid games you get stupid prizes.', 'Putting people on ventilators for C19 is CRIMINAL! thats why all these people died.', "CHOICES \n There is nothing you must do. Everything you do ,directly or indirectly, in life is what YOU choose to do.\n The choices you have already made in life brought you where you are right now.\n      The choices you make now can take you wherever you want to go.\n            \n       EVERYTHING YOU DO,  EVERYTHING YOU HAVE,  EVERYTHING YOU BECOME IS ULTIMATELY  THE RESULT OF THE CHOICES YOU HAVE ALREADY MADE IN LIFE.\n        \n     YOU. YOU have the power to direct Your Life.\n         How will You use it?\n         What is Your CHOICE?\n     \n    I don't know who wrote this. I wish I did. But I have a copy framed hanging in the office in my\nshop. \n     To humble me if I Ever find myself trying to blame someone... other than me.  For a Choice I made.\n           Looks like H.Scott Apley made his own choice. I just hope he didn't infect any one\n   else. I guess common sense. Ain't so common.", 'roflmao', '"It\'s very easy to fool people. But it\'s very difficult to convince them that they have been fooled." - Mark Twain', 'Sometimes, people get what they deserve.', 'I feel for this doctor when he said at the beginning they were heroes and now they are in "their way" when all they\'re doing is saving their lives. That\'s how you know the kind of people who was being treated before vs the ones being treated now. Totally different mentality and political views.', 'EVERY right winger should be forced to view Aptly & his GORGEOUS newborn baby FaceBook page & explain to all Americans why he had to die.  He could have been vaccinated but he died instead.  Why?', "I knew this crazy nightmare would never go away I got a funny feeling this isn't going to end well🤔", 'Karma worked this time. No sympathy here at all. Think of the folks that suffered the same fate because of his influence. Good riddance to bad rubbish. Darwin Award winner. What a champion.', 'the thing that really gets me is the direct role certain news agencies and social media make people believe a false reality...people are gullible by nature because they grew up around trustworthy people...now we are constantly bombarded by the agendas of others and as usual when you find the root cause its always$...', "I can empathize with families going through this, but I can't sympathize for the willfully dead.  They are closing their eyes and walking into a busy intersection when the sign says 'don't walk'", 'Are they hosting the Darwin Awards in purgatory soon? Cuz he’d sure be a nominee.', "This is what you get when you decide that epidemiologists don't know what they're talking about and science itself is a conspiracy.  Have a nice dirt nap, Apley!!!", 'And nothing of value was lost.', "Why hasn't the criminal Trump been sued for election fraud?  Why hasn't the criminal been charged with his many crimes?  Why isn't the criminal in prison awaiting trial?", 'How is Gov Cuomo doing😂', "Natural Selection doing it's work, nothing to see here.", 'Adolf orangeface said it’s a hoax ..keep following him Texas and Florida', 'If a person gets covid-19 bcuz they refuse the vax they were looking 4 covid-19', 'Serves him right', '😂', 'The comments below.....Just beautiful.', "Yeah right, all lies. Believe this nonsense people it's your education.", 'So Evolution is still a thing.', 'Do not celebrate this.  I may disagree with people, but I would never wish death upon them over those disagreements.\n\nIf we show empathy, we have a better chance of changing their minds than reveling in the sadness these families are experiencing.', '"I told you so..." - That\'s what people say when you don\'t listen to people who know.', 'Texas style …'], ['Totally,. Everyone is defended . Mission aconplished.  All safe.. now who gonna protect me from those.. 🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'They’ve been able to do this for decades.', 'This is a joke, right? Haven’t we been doing this for years before “space frickin’ force”?', 'Gee, I thought moving our industrial base to China would make them our friends so they would play nice on the global stage.  What went wrong?', '"more budget please!"', "We've been doing this survalance monitoring for years  under the Airforce.", 'Imagine if all these countries poured that money back into the planet?', 'They made a whole new branch of the military, to do 1 thing that was already being done by NORAD?', 'Love their Camo uniforms!\n(Where did they say they were going?)', 'When are they going to cover what’s going on with Chrischan? I’d love to see their take on it.', 'Space War\n\nNever thought I’d hear that in my lifetime', 'Yay the branch that was already completely covered by the other branches found something.', 'Space Force is a legitimate thing now I CANT 🤣🤣', 'Space Force. lol\nIs America really going through with this?\nRename the navy the waterforce!', 'I’m just waiting for X wings and Star Destroyers…', 'Its so advanced we still cant find the missing warhead from Operation Chrome Dome, guess technology still developing', "I'm speechless seeing having my first payout been scammed countless times, God bless you and your team Intellectweb", "God damn I can't hear space force without laughing.", 'Before for decades , we would have just said “USA has detected middle launch…”  “spaceforce” didn’t change this notification', 'so let me get this straight, in 2017 Russia launches a "nesting dock" (3:54) that takes out our satellites... isn\'t that around the same time Putin and Trump were having a full on "bromance"? wonder how much Trump got paid to "look the other way"?', 'It\'s amazing information, yet absolutely terrifying to realize, just how fragile, we really are.\n\nWhilst Trump, McConnell and other GOP Leaders were getting super cozy with Putin, Russia was trying to dismantle or destroy our Satellites. But what did we hear? "China, China, & Xi Ping is bad". "Russia & PUTIN are good". "U.S Intel is bad. Putin is good".\n\nAmazing!', "Seriously guys, we are doing serious work!\nWe're guardians!\nSPACE FORCE!", 'Let me know when they fend off space Godzilla.', 'I thought that the Air Force was already doing this.', 'i bet these satellites catch UAPs/UFOs all the time. Yet, we hear nothing about it 🤷🏽\u200d♂️', 'Good Job CNN! 👏 👏 👏\nYou managed to repeat WORD FOR WORD what the military told you.\n*IF* you did *ANY* research you would have learned *Kessler Syndrome* is the biggest threat to all these systems. And the US contributes more threat than any other country.', "I don't know, I can't trust a system like this until it's been fully audited by the Cyber Ninjas.", 'That’s how the enemies knows what is going on in the US and the enemies have the upper hand sad how ppl is so nosy 🧐', 'Wow, space force was a big joke during the last admin. The change in tone is probably not a good thing lol.', 'As long as they stay the hell out of the holodeck on their days off the force should be just fine', 'Does anyone in the Space Force take their title seriously or do they all realize they are just the Air Force?  It is the meme branch of the military.', 'Well, Earth is part of space too, so in that sense the name is accurate. Of course the previous administration comically misunderstood the briefings and immediately thought of invading other planets and fights with lightsabers.', 'Sadly all of our technologies may be obsolete with these UAP’s being photographed! 😢', 'This is my favorite CNN story of the last 5 years. I can’t make it up!! I love it!! These guys are great!! Who is really taking any of this seriously??\nDon’t worry if shit hits the fan I am still calling Jocko Willink, that boy still gets up at 4:30 AM and these guys are still sleeping', 'The USAF has done this mission since we began space exploration. No surprise,  just an ego builder for Diaper Donnie.', 'Good thing they are wearing camo. The aliens will never see them coming 😂', 'I wonder if they detected the missile I just dropped. It was a brown steamy one.', "I don't get it. We've had this capability since the 70's. Maybe people just didn't know about it? Or is this just an update in the technology?", 'A Missile system? Let me get this straight, we have an entire new branch of the military called “space force” that detects missiles that are launched from this planet. 😂🤣', 'Please put a freaking “the” in front of space force. It just sounds way too corny without it. And I hear trumps voice every time I hear it', 'Amazing! no one had ever thought of space before Donald Trump discovered it.', 'Woah space lasers are real now? Wow I got old quick the future is here....', "It's official we now live in a Bond film from the 1960's. Someone needs to give Putin a hairless cat.", "It's a good thing America has Starfleet- I mean Space Force to protect us!", "So they took a program that the Air Force was already running, renamed it, and then wasted a fortune on it so it can do exactly what it was already doing in the first place.\nBut America doesn't have money to help those suffering at home.", 'They need to change the name of this thing. I laugh out loud everytime they say it.', 'Please tell me you did not just inform Marjorie Taylor Greene that space lasers are a real thing. Really guys.', 'So they moved the responsibilities from the airforce to a new branch? Cool.', "They've been able to do this for decades.", 'Didn’t we already have the ability of doing this before the space force?', 'oh FFS!\n\ndramatic music was the final straw in my insanity on the screen metre activating!', "Not knocking on what these people do, it's a noble effort and is appreciated, the reality is though Trump just made these preexisting assets a branch separate from the Airforce, whether that is a good or bad thing we'll have to wait to see the long term results.", "The US Air Force's Space Command has done this for a very long time.  The Air Force's Space Command is what is now known as the US Space Force.", "Well okay but couldn't they come up with a better name though it sounds so super anime like LMAO😂😂😂", 'The rules in space we hope and pray will never be negotiated by humanity lololol', 'Would have been even more impressive if Space Force USA would have had the ability to intercept and knock out those missiles, at the least, jammed their electronics.', 'Space force sound like a good name for an anime or a series', "Such a tremendous, powerful, and most impressing force! But wait! They're monitoring this planet 24/7 with high tech sattelites - but all the intelligence is still unable to explain most of the stuff nowadays labeled UAPs??? Wow. I'm deeply impressed.", '😳 Oh wow! Really? That’s amazing!   Ok, enough sarcasm....our Navy & Air Force have been doing this since the 60’s. This is nothing new🙄', 'Does the camoflage help them blend into their offices?', 'Show us the mand space fighter that recruted the astronaut that was onbourd iss space station!', 'August 7th. 2021, \n"Loose Lips, Sink Ships"\nWhile Americas Enemies are aware what \nthe U.S. Military, is capable of, \nAmericans are not. \nIt is best, not to talk so much about, what we can do.\nLet us, keep our enemies in the dark.', 'Was this to advertise for the space force tv show? Is there a new season coming out?', 'I never thought the job was dumb, just the name. The Air force was once part of the Army, and the Air force used to do what the Space force now does. It is kinda bizarre if you think about it, we had an army grow so big we branched it and call it "insert new tech" force and that grew and we did the same thing, I guess if we end up with a colony on Mars we will call it Mars Force.', 'Keep the good fight boyz✊🏻', 'Ummmmm. Are we forgetting that they gave the US a 24 hour advance warning before the launch?   I’m not saying this is not cool but are we just going to forget what actually happened?', "America: Hey! Those countries can't bomb those other countries!\nAlso America: Yeah! Only we can bomb those countries!", 'Lmao!!! soon we won’t be able to leave earth due to space debris sounds like a job well done', "A few things..... 1. This just has that old school propaganda feel to it, I love it, we should call it prop-noir. 2. Is there space lasers or not? I hear people(cnn) making fun of conspiracy nuts all the time over jewish space lasers and the like but now I hear you(cnn) say space lasers are real and dangerous? Anytime I hear a general from the D.O.D. talking about how much we don't want conflict and how bad we just want peace, well my brain tells me he(D.O.D) is actually saying the exact opposite of how he(D.O.D)really feels.", '"space force" is the air force thats another way to syphon tax payer money and funnel it contractors for doing nothing..space force should be a branch of the navy..', 'As silly as this thing sounds, there is some merit to it. The Air Force was given budget but always diverted it.', 'this has to be a joke now anyone who wants to fire a missile will just build around it you just told us how to avoid getting found', 'I swear cnn was just making fun of space force when grump announced it', 'Seems to me Space Force should have been made a wing of the Air Force. After all the AF has been doing all of this for a long time. Do we really need another separate Armed Forces Branch?', 'To do the will of God. “Always treat others as you would like them to treat you.” And “Love your neighbour as yourself.” That is the Law and the Prophets.\r\n\r\nAvoid all religions, even that of the Pope and Christianity; because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets who continue to mislead us. They all make up their own false laws and prayers. When Jesus alone (in the name of Immanuel) is the Son of man and the true Prophet, sent by God, to be always our one Teacher.  Here follows a summary of his true teaching…\r\n\r\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\r\n\r\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\r\n\r\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\r\n\r\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \r\n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\r\n\r\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \r\nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \r\nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \r\nThis is how you should pray:\r\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\r\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\r\nGive us today our daily bread, \r\nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\r\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \r\nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \r\nAmen. \r\nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\r\n\r\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\r\n\r\n“Truly I tell you; if anyone obeys my teaching he shall never know what it is to die.” – (John 8: 51) – \r\n\r\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\r\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) – \r\n\r\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\r\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\r\n \r\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\r\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\r\n  \r\n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \r\n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\r\n\r\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\r\n\r\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \r\nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \r\nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\r\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\r\n\r\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \r\n\r\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \r\nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\r\n\r\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\r\n\r\n“One of the criminals who hung there also mocked and taunted him: ‘Aren’t you the Messiah? Save yourself, and us!’ But the other criminal rebuked him. ‘Have you no fear of God? You are under the same sentence as he. For us it is plain justice; we are paying the price for our misdeeds; but this man has done nothing wrong.’ And he said, ‘Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.’ He answered, “I tell you this: today you shall be with me in Paradise.’” – (Luke 23: 39-43) –\r\n\r\n“For it is my Father’s will that everyone who looks upon the Son and puts his faith in him shall possess eternal life; and I will raise him up on the last day” – (John 6: 40) –\r\n\r\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20) –\r\n\r\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Saturday the 7th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', 'Uhh the space command could do the same thing for years', 'OMG the PR needle is buried in the red on this one!', 'We have put together,I think,the most extensive and inclusive voter fraud organization in the history of American politics.- Joe Biden,Democrat 🤔', 'If there telling CNN its no longer important. Every enemy already knows about it', 'you will never get us 👽 Space Force!', 'Thank god Steve Carrel is on the job.', 'Can anyone come up with a new (Force)name for a future investment or are we done afer spaceforce?', '🤔 pretty positive the Army 1st Space Brigade does all in theater tactical Space Missions. Maybe they’ve taken the Air Forces National Space mission though 🤷🏾\u200d♂️', 'I was introduced to intellectweb on youtube and invested with them believe me I got my own profit without stress continue with your good heart', "So space force is tracking satellites and missile launches. I thought the air force and Norad already did that but okay. So here's a dumb question. What does the space force do when the actual aliens 👽👾 show up 🤔🤷\u200d♂️", 'So full of it.  Now you want to bring up something that has been happening forever.  Sorry but we welcome a new alien race - we need all the help we can get.  The only threat is within.  And crazy how this works so well and yet you cant find a down plane.', 'You know people thought trump was crazy when he said we have invisible  jets there is a good possibility  he wasnt lying for onced', 'In the meantime all previous Administrations Bamboozled the American public into thinking that everything is alright', 'Hmm I remember that CNN mocked the need to have a space force in order to protect american interests.......', 'I would like to get a copy of the comic book that accompanies this report.', "I guess I'll take back all those jokes I made about Space force in the last few years.", 'Just a rebranding to get more money for contractors US Air Force have been doing this for years already', 'But they let CNN inside! Traitors were allowed right inside an important defense installation.', 'I want Season 2 for Space Force.', "I still don't understand why we created an entire military branch to do what the Air Force was already doing.....stories like these just make me wonder how cozy the military-industrial complex is with news media.", 'Life saving warning.... the same thing was done and has always been done by nasa, airforce, navy, army, and other groups... 🤣.. but... is it that CNN loving something trump created?  🤔  🤣🤣', 'US imperialism wearing a kindly grandpa flesh-mask.', 'This segment brought to you by Space Force!', "I'm not happy my taxes are going to a pretend ''new'' branch of the military that already existed. The Air Force has been doing this for decades and tRump's rebranding it does NOT make it any better.", 'People are so surprised we have a space force , it’s the future get with the times . In a decade from now space travel or space colonization will be the main topic.', 'TO INFINITY AND BEYOND !!!!', "Fredo's punk ass brother is going down in flames, and it's beautiful! 🤣", '"Space Force" sounds like a joke or a Disney movie. Anything else... "Global Gaurd", "Universal Soldiers",  "Planet Watch" anything but "Space Force"... it is just silly. And what they are doing has been going on for many years.', "They 'granted access' because they want you to put a positive-spin on it...That is VERY OBVIOUS", 'I thought Mr. Reagan called this the Star Wars program?', 'Are ya telling us something is coming ? \nSomething with the power grid?\nAnd cyber attacks?', 'I thought space force was to protect us from aliens attack?', 'I just want everyone to take a moment to ponder that we live in a country that needs a space force to give us a "life-saving warning" because adversaries are attacking us all the time.  Yea, sign me up for that country!!!  Oh, wait, I\'m already there......ugh!!!', '"It\'s a TRAP!"', 'It is illegal for wages to be with held for punishment!\nDid you know that FL R. Governor Desantos!', "Hold up!!!! Wasn't CNN making fun of Trump, day after day, for starting the Space Force?", 'So you ll fire people who are unvaccinated but somehow people who can’t wait till a zoom call get s  over and fredos are allowed to work \nMust be great !', 'What if the threat is coming from space itself......', 'Ok, whoever wrote this news copy, do you know what a satellite is?  Guardians "flying" satellites?  Sattelites "spring into action"?  Give me a break.  I\'m not downplaying the importance of this mission, but you guys really worked overtime to make this seem a lot more action packed than it is.  It doesn\'t need the spin to be cool.', "So let's get this straight... very smart apes with machine guns and atom bombs also have satellites and space lasers? \n\nWhat  could possibly go wrong?", 'This is hilarious. The space force is nothing but members of the Air Force in their alt outfit. Doing a job they were already doing.', "O, m, g. \n\nWhat the hell are we all wasting our time and resources on? Can we please unite the planet, already? \n\nJust like we are finding out how the universe operates on a large level by finding out how it operates on a subatomic level...\n\n... let's work to better ourselves individually, step by step, day by day, and let that honesty, integrity, and knowledge flow from one person to the next, and all across the planet.", 'Would it not have gone undetected without the Space Force or was this existing function simply reassigned to the Space Force? Give me a break.', 'What is with all the Lawnmower Man special effects on the screen?!', 'Thanks "Clinch" Blizer Et Al.🙂', "Trumps Space Force may be a diversive tactic to enable Putin to gain access to American  Military Security, the transfer of Vital Information from various Military Departments to build Space Force is a perfect cover for Russia to intercept. All with Trump's blessing. Cheers from Michael. Australia.", 'Maybe someone was actually listening to Reagan?', 'What waste of money 💰 IMO,  Just more justification to ask more money for defense which has been going on for over 60 yrs.', 'Formerly known as the US Air Force.', 'I truly think a defence force is needed for space.', 'Lightning ⚡ fast ?? So how bout those UFO s that been peek a boo n ? \nJust curious', "Didn't Iran warned the US at the time of launch and where they were aimed at?", 'SPACE FORCE, FUHK YEAH!\nCOME TO SAVE THE MUHTHAH FUHKIN DAY!', "This has been going on for decades at Buckley. We should reabsorbe 'US Space Force' back into the US Airforce.", 'For some reason, it feels like this news piece is not necessarily meant to inform Americans.  Perhaps the real purpose for this segment is to show others a small fraction of what the US is capable of when protecting our country. 🤷🏽\u200d♀️', 'Umm, now the Space Force isn’t a joke? Confused…', 'They failed to report the treaty the us broke first.', 'Amazing', 'No wonder Aliens don’t want to make \ncontact with us.', 'Beam me back to anywhere but now, Scotty.', 'LOL America: you better be nice, here are a list of rules about professional conduct.\nRussia: Bitch, this is Russia, there are no rules.', 'Oh,why not ask Elon musk to install a GoPro on each of the 40,000 Starlinks satellites.. this is a much cheaper option.\nOh, by the way, we can  miniturize nukes to the size of a RPG plus propellant, and put one on each starlinks, to shoot down from above to anyone that want to mess up with America... I call it the ultimate deterrent.', '4:58 Jewish space lasers are real?', 'So if i can see this so can the enemy correct?', "WHY DIDN'T THEY DETECT THE MISSLE THAT DESTROYED DOMINION MACHINES IN NASHVILLE WAITING FOR AUDIT INSIDE THE BUILDING OVERSEEN BY JOE LIDEN'S BROTHER'S COMPANY?", 'Armed Forces Commander Saifullah al-Houthi threatens to attack the US aircraft carrier with advanced missiles if foreign forces do not withdraw in the Arabian Sea.', 'World Wide Wickedness......⏳', 'Another pointless program the reps worship that’s been going on before the popsickle stick even got involved 🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾🤦🏾👏🏾', 'If you’re seeing this 🙏🏽 you’re going to be okay ❤️✅', 'They also watched the stolen election😎', 'China loves to play the victim role on the internet, but we all know they are wanting some bad', '#WeControlTheHighGround', 'Just stop scanning people’s house from space with all those satellites scanning everything on earth.', 'Wasn’t the Air Force doing this anyway? Long before Trump decided to rip off Star Trek?', 'I thought Space force guardians of the galaxy was the next marvel film', 'Hey CNN, Could you get the "Cuomo" brothers on the next flight?? The tax payers will even pay the tab.. gladly. One way of course! Lol', 'Which one is Austin Steinbart, you know the guy that said he is baby Q and future commander of Space Force?', '"Space Force". Trump really goofy-ized that name. Change it, now. Please?', "It's adorable they needed a video to show how important they are.", "they can detect a missile launch from the other side of the world the moment it happens but we can't have secure elections..?", 'problem is that they have combined the nuclear and conventional systems. This can cause Nuclear WAR. If anyone attacks the radar system it could be falsely interpreted as a nuclear attack. BIG PROBLEM.', 'Remember when Trump and Mike Pence thought they were Buzz Lightyear announcing the stupid Space Force! 😂', 'There need to be global laws and rules made regarding space, and who is allowed to take up the space around the Earth as well, if one nation is allowed to crowd up the whole area, it seems like that would be a pretty important issue and a concern to other nations and people in the world, imagine if Russia or China or something had the most satellites crowding up the skies and watching everyone, it would be a little disturbing, no? There should probably be regulations and restrictions put in place to keep these matters under control, and prepared in case a greater space war ever occurs.', 'With General Roger Ramjet in control we all know Space Force is in capable hands.', 'Now who named it Space Force?  Oh right 😫', 'Very  glad  our   U.S.  SPACE  FORCE   is  tremendously  EFFECTIVE   AND  READY.  We have far  too many enemies.', 'You know I am not a trump fan, and I am not a fan of the name, but the space force is a good idea and one needed for the future.', 'I just love CNNs comment section...Toxic people 24/7!\nThose people finally found a place where they can call home.', 'So they rebranded something we were already doing because someone wouldn’t shut up about it until they did?', 'NASA could be doing this work, but some random senile grandpa decided to make the Space Force instead. Jus sayin.', 'Hey, who likes Steve Corells SPACE FORCE ? very funny, but a little bit poignant.. 😀', '"Warning Warning Will Robinson"', "That's GREAT! But I get the same notification on my cell phone in real time. Many others probably do too...", 'Biden’s first priority should have been changing that name', 'This whole branch is a joke 🥱🥱', 'Still sounds dumb as shit considering this technology has existed on the ground for like 40 years, which is basically a millennia in technology progression', 'Here come the "comment section experts" 🤦\u200d♂️', 'Let me know when this can detect Mobile Suits.', 'Um -- who was operating these systems before the name change? Surely that system is very pre-trump.', 'good thing guardians all wear cammies so you cant see them, i think space is not green maybe they need there own uniforms !@ hahahaha', 'Interesting but already figured this one. :O)', 'Wait? I thought Trump made Space Force?', 'I thought that NORAD was responsible for doing that  ?', "Rebranding aside, this just inflates the military budget more. There was already a spending problem in space force squadrons. They'd contract into long support terms for insanely expensive programs and equipment, but by the time it was set up they wanted something else. So our operators, instead of getting trained in the systems that they'd use, would be sent out for crazy certification programs that primed them to leave for the civilian sector.. At which point the squadron would contract them and continue to feed them certs (it was easier to aquire more training money than up pay for positions) until they'd move on.\n\nThe biggest problem I have with space force is that we're blowing huge amounts of money trying to make services compatible across all the military branches and it's not working. This is a step in the wrong direction for both inflated military spending and cross service support.", "We've never failed lol.  You guys are barely a year old", "If this is true why aren't in war with China or Russia? Those are acts of war", "This is nothing new, that's what they are up there for", "Once again The Idiot relabeled a product (Air Force's Space Command) that was already out there just to claim credit for someone else's work. \nThat's all Space Force with its Starfleet ripoff decal is.", 'Wow, more wasted money for something that was already happening by the defense department. Cancel the Space Force and give those funds to schools.', 'Yeah well, hey, my satellite is bigger than yours!', 'now can we put more money into nasa?', 'Some of these comments show no intelligence. Yes the Air Force has already been doing it, the Space Force was created to take over this effort so more funding could be aimed towards space. The Air Force will always prioritize their air superiority over space.', 'Just call it Star Wars \nspace war sounds lame af', 'Thanks For Sharing this information with The People🤘🙏🇺🇸🙏🌍', "So... Space Force uses satellites to detect missiles? Weren't the Army and Navy already doing that?", 'US had this capabiliy for a few decades now... but what is this new term "War fighters"? Before it was warriors for a few years. This new speak stuff is getting old. Who declares war anymore? Just call them combat units...slippery slope renaming things, an equivalent could be construed as "peace breakers"...', 'The speed of light is not instantaneous... ever heard of a light year?', 'Trump ! Thank you for space force !', '"space force\'\' and the martians are gonna pay for it, believe me', 'Space force sends info to US companies about their rivals', 'All the 2500+ satellites and whatever amount of MDSs combined can’t stop hundreds or thousands of Russian ICBMs. Just a massive waste of money.', 'So in other words. No plane can ever go missing .  \n\n they basically explained that the have planetary high resolution uv imaging .', 'Time to deploy Buzz Lightyear', 'Lmao what is this? Role playing? 😂', 'So the Air Force but with extra steps', 'All Fire Zones deserves 24/7 observation to alert and to track Arsonists because it is the responsibility of our Gov.', 'This is nothing new, it was functional in 1983.', '*Remember how CNN (and so many others) used to make fun of the Space Force because it sas Trump’s idea? (Or at least because he promoted it.) That’s called “impartial and non biased journalism” for you!* 🤣🤣😅', 'Might as well call it Sky Net. Just more satellites to crash and cause more space junk to block our exploration of other planets.', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy', "Didn't CNN make fun of this agency when it was formed? Why should they get to go inside to document it?", 'These guys have the best ufo data', 'An exclusive look into cartoon and cgi images? HAHAHAHAHA!', "But didn't Iran also inform through Iraq?", 'WTF! There is NO branch of our military called the Space Force!', 'Space force is a joke.  This is just a wing of the Air Force rebranded. \nWhat we really need is cyber security command.', 'Why create "Space Force" when the more real and active threat is Cybersecurity?', "Buck Roger's rerun. You do remember cnn is entertainment not news.", 'I nominate all of the GOP and Trump to take the first flight to the sun. You can tell Trump that he will be the first person to ever walk on the sun.', 'New types rise up', 'I always lol at "space force." It sounds like something a child would come up with. Oh wait....', 'OMG, Marjorie Taylor Green was right.   They do have space lasers.  ( pew pew pew)', 'Wait kidnapping satellites ? Lol', "Quick, need space force it's the Air Force come on", 'Breaking News: CNN stops talking about Trump long enough to notice decades old technology', 'Space Farce should just go back to the USAF Space Command where it belongs.', 'Can detect a far away missiles, but can’t detect an insurrection on the United States.', 'So basically space force is NORAD 🤦🏽\u200d♂️', 'Oh so now CNN does pro space force stories? I guess Trump did a good job would you say? Lol', 'I do so hate the name “Space Force.”', '0:35 India : Huh Really 🤣', 'Thank you CNN for running this video', 'We need a space force. Everything relies on satellites these days. A major cyber attack will happen someday', 'Space Force, lol, ~ What a joke.', 'So those work for the space force are the space cadets?', 'Well CNN is reporting that space force is important so I can only presume it is a waste of tax payer money.', 'Its gonna suck when the guys behind close doors start talking about population control.', 'Wow this is incredible technology. I hope and pray there won’t be wars caused by this….', 'Are you kidding?  This is a Space Farce!', 'We should do more in space but not war. Countries like the United States and China are violating the Outer Space Treaty.', 'But we are vulnerable in the cyber capabilities against Russia and Russia.', 'So let me get this straight. Space Force detected missiles launched by Iran at Iraq and immediatly let US forces know. What about the Iraq people?', 'Watch the latest UFO documentary on Netflix. Fascinating what’s been happening.', "How's Fredo doing?", 'This whole segment is 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👌\n\nI like how they try to remain serious and not break out laughing.', 'Nice to see CNN take a break from talking about Trump to do some good ol military propaganda.', 'Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy', 'Whats the point of being This good by draining others that much the Mother Nature notice you as a Bug on the planet?, never mess with planet Earth', 'Cool, but not new. US Air Force Space Command was doing that, long before Space Force was formed. My husband worked in missile warning in the ‘90s.', 'Thanks Trump fo "SAVING" us yet again! First "YOUR" vaccines and now the great space force! I\'m sure mr. mumbles is trying right now how to take credit for it! 😂😅😂🤣', 'Thanks trump !!', 'This was the Air Force, trump just renamed it.', "Thank God they are doing the things that the air force couldn't .", 'Soooo...they are trying to get me to believe that this WAS NOT being done before they slapped a dumb "space force" label on the department? \n\nYeah, OK  👌 wink wink\n\n#DOBETTERSPACEFORCE #DOBETTER \n✊🏾❤🖤💚', 'More American space spying junk In space. What we all need more rubbish.', 'Space Force....a revolutionary new arm of the military. Trump was mocked so much by the left when he praised their introduction. I love this!! 😆', 'I\'m confused, wasn\'t all this going on long before Space Force?!? I thought we already had a "space force".. it\'s called NASA.. in coordination with the Air force?', 'Thanku michael scott', "As soon as trump is out of the picture CNN back to over-glorifying the military. I'm sure they do some important stuff but this is an advertisement not journalism.", 'Space Farce is more like it.', 'Oh. So you support Space force now?', 'Space team, a team of people in space', 'Oh yeah. Trump started space force!!!', 'Yeah this isn’t what space force is for lol', "Another one of Trump's accomplishments. Too bad it is sidelined by the current administration while Communist China Overtakes us.", 'They did an excellent job on Jan 6th 2021...', "So I'm guessing the missing Trump ballots are coming from the Space Force! 🤣", 'Good weapons against aliens', 'BS If Russia has weapons in space. U.S and U.K have more and bigger', 'Space force what a Joke. Oh wait look who created it! What a waste of tax payers money', 'Propaganda. The military has had this capability for years. All the creation of “Space Force” with its “guardians” does is drive the Pentagon budget.', "It's not like we didn't know they were coming anyway. The Iranians weren't out to kill American soldiers, then we'd be forced to retaliate.", 'Pine Gap in Australia is part of the Space Force radar communications system otherwise why be there,and we all know every American there is a guard dog handler,', "I'm embarrassed by this entire report.", 'Could we possibly get rid of the Space Force joke and just let the Air Force handle all flying gizmos?', 'Cool. But......... Why does this necessitate an entire service branch? Air Force could have done the exact same thing without needing an entirely separate branch.', "Hey, who wants to turn to Jesus and live for him and obey everything he says? This life is temporary once you die you spend eternity in one of two places so choose heaven or hell. Jesus loved you to die for you. He says you all are valuable if you turn from your sins he will bless you like never before and he wants to call you son and daughter but whenever you sin you choose hell and choose to hate God. Now you may say I'm a good person which is actually not true (Mark 10:18) or that if you believe in God then you're Good which isn't true. But did you know that not even forgiving others is enough to send you to hell. Jesus is very serious about sin in fact Jesus says most people go to hell (Mathew 7:14). No sin is worth going to hell for when someone goes to hell you can never escape your there forever and you will feel the pain forever . It's not worth it You can live in heaven forever where Jesus serves you food and you can be in God's presence forever where you're never sad or depressed and have a mansion as well. There is Good news If you come to Jesus humbly and confess your sins and beg him for mercy and forgiveness he will forgive you (1 John 1:9). But you can't continue to willfully sin (Hebrews 10:26) Because Jesus also says if you love me keep my commandments (John 14:15) you immediately need to repent from all your sins (Luke 13:3) and follow up with Jesus. Remember Follow Jesus only no religion no man Jesus rose from the dead. We have 500 eyewitnesses of it. Jesus is coming back soon with no mercy, seek the lord now while he may be found. When he rose from the dead he proved everything he said was true Muhamad or Buddha didn't rise from the dead. If you want more help watch the YouTube channel Cleveland street preachers he has been verified by the holy spirit.\n\nDo any of you need prayer?\n\nff", 'Is this satire?', 'Defending America from what????  America‘s only threat is itself….', 'Good thing the former president made the space force', 'space combat is here. it was inevitable', 'Interesting and worthwhile video.', "Didn't CNN laugh at space force?", "You can't put out forest fires on Earth and dream of having power in space 😳😳", "The space force can't detect the Taliban", '... never stop 27/4, but until the funding stop. Let just pray that would never stop.', '"Guardians" ?  Really?', 'Haha... military industrial complex reinventing the wheel. War pigs enriching themselves and Wasting taxpayer money.', 'space force it all just sounds like a big joke why not keep the name it had before air space command? just sounds more serious and not a b movie spin off sitcom space soap opera', 'A bit one sided story. Not one word about US capability in Space to interfere or take out enemy satellites. I am sure the DOD is right next to Russia and China or even beyond.', 'Space force what a joke. Air Force been doing this for years.', "The authoritarian way we're headed, we'll have the Bathroom Force in 25 years and the Pronoun Force in 30.", 'What a joke, big words by small people for rebranding purposes', 'This is so much better than universal Healthcare for Americans.  Money well spent 🙄', "Well, what do know, trump's space force is a success.", 'Give me a break.', '2016 A New Hope (Star Wars).\n2020 The Empire Strikes Back.\n2024 Return of the Jedi.', 'Who’s defending you from each other? 🧐', 'Big waste of money\nAbolish the department and fold it into the air force', 'Lmao!  🤣😂', 'Wait, I have to put on my straight face ... space Force ...\n\nHere\'s a joke for you, \nAlien landed, said "What, you named your solar system planets after gods, and your Planet is named after\n\n\n\nDirt?"\n(From newspaper cartoon)\n\nWhat Do you call your Moon, MOON?', 'omg wow the comments show the disdain for the communist news network  let me guess you are going to have numerous trump stories today?', 'Trump, always one step ahead unlike democrats who are  always 3 steps behind lead by a  senile president', 'Obadiah verse 4: Checkmate', 'Where’s Capitan Kirk and engineer Scotty?', "I think you mean Space Ranger....\n\nI still don't understand how to space Guardian was approved....", 'Eyes up guardian"', 'So, NORAD is Space Force?', 'But more importantly... How many of the soldiers are proud non-binary??? 🙄', 'I think chump was watching too much Rick & Morty 🤪', 'What did Biden do till this moment? Why BLM and all riots to get out Trump, if the current one is worse', 'For All Mankind season 3 cannot come soon enough.', 'The reason we made space force its own thing is because of Trump\'s ego. We already did all this missile detection stuff before "space force"', 'Joe Biden and his administration are forbidden from speaking a single frickin word about Covid until THE SOUTHERN BORDER IS CLOSED.', 'So does Space Force have UAP evidence or wut?', 'nice', '"Aloha Friday"!', 'You can beat all other nations but you are nothing if the Nature Comes for you', '"The biggest threat to America in Space is The Killer Klowns" - Joe Biden.', 'Very interesting', 'This is how they convince us that more military spending is needed. Also, why can’t they give us high def image of a UFO.', 'Go go Space Force!', 'Humans will never learn', 'You mean the Space Force that Trump created and Psaki laughed at #WalkAway join ex-democrats who are tired of the lies and gaslighting', 'Oh gee all of a sudden no Chris Cuomo lmfao!', 'THANKS TO TRUMP!', 'Mount powerful IR or UV lasers aboard our critical satellites or release a defense net. Destroy optics and sensors on enemy sats. No mercy', 'How many satellites does Italy have?', 'Greetings from Poland to all of you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', 'Space force.......... 😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'We already had this shit…. Wtf! Space force is such a joke…', 'You americanos have the way to oversimplify something so complicated. This comment section makes me puke', 'Are we seriously stuck with space force', 'Space Force who’s ground based.', 'wow. deep.', '“Far more satellites” there are only 320 Military and dual use Satellites operational in space. The Russian space forces control a little over 100 military satellites, The Chinese military’s satellites stand at less than 50, and the US has around 160 military satellites. The rest are owned by India, Germany, France, and the UK. So nice job CNN trying to fool the American people into thinking the US dominates space! It’s just not fact! Go home with that superiority complex crap!', '*DNCNN*  =  *_Empty Space Force_*', 'Are we safer or less safe?', 'I thought we were suppose to be making fun of space force', 'Have they taken care of the Jewish space lasers yet?  How about the Italian satellites?', '3:57 that’s a matryoshka satellite 😂', 'STILL? ask yourself. when will the whole world feel like they don’t need to defend themselves from one another. when will everyone realize there is no point. there is no winning.', 'Literally was already done by a different branch beforehand. \nSad attempt to justify this waste of a new branch, fucks sake...', 'How long before trump takes credit for this???', 'Russian nesting (doll) satellites?  Are we being played?', 'Camouflaged uniforms to blend in their offices and in space :-)\nAs ridiculous as the name Space Force for a military that can barely be in orbit and does not even cover 0,0000000000000000000001% of actual space on the universe.\nI hope some alien civilizations with real space forces are seeing us, they would laugh at the translation of the name and laugh at how serious we take ourselves.\nOrbit Force and dark uniforms would be more fitting', "This is actually pretty cool. Hmm I don't like Trump credit is due where it's due. Said no one at the Air Force!", 'Hello everyone!\nI draw nice and kind sketches🖌🌹🌷🌼🙂', 'So Russia created the first space matryoshka', 'Darth Vader will be played by Putin?', 'OTHER is the other UNITED STATES by the way. Space Force is here to enforce that too', "Wow lots of haters here. Just mad because FOX wasn't chosen to run this piece?", 'president forever - the ultimate warrior -  \n\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000あ\u3000あ\n\u3000\u3000あ\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000 \u3000あ\n   わ\u3000\u3000   ぁ\u3000ぁ  \u3000  あ\nう\u3000    ぁ\u3000\u3000\u3000っ  \u3000  あ\n\u3000     ぁ\u3000 \u3000\u3000\u3000！       あ\n\u3000\u3000 ぁ\u3000\u3000！ ！\u3000\u3000 あ\n\u3000\u3000\u3000ぁ \u3000\u3000  \u3000\u3000あ\n\u3000\u3000\u3000\u3000 ぁ\u3000あ', 'USA is really thumping the war drums again. Shameful.', 'Yet mile wide asteroids speed toward us at 88000 mph all the time.', 'didnt cnn do a video mocking trump setting up spaceforce?', 'Space force still exists', 'Bwahahahahaaaaa! Just Bwahahahahaaaaa!', 'Even more proof that Trump is our savior and lord!', 'Sounds like gov tv.', 'Good maybe it could shoot lasers from the sky and evaporate all the MENTALCRAT!!!!💥💥💥', 'Space force guardians lmfao', 'Uhhh isn\'t NORAD in Colorado supposed to have been doing this for DECADES already? What is the added benefit of the (hilariously named) "Space Force"?', 'Space Force? Seriously?', 'Vote Larry Elder!!!!!', 'Yea good idea trash space so in future no one gonna be able to go to space 🤦\u200d♀️', "sooooo we're under attack is what you're saying?", 'I believe radar beat them to it......but ok', 'Wow', 'Wow', "space force??? lol\nit's more like *space spies*", "This isn't new lol where da aliens at?", 'Pretty sure this was all there before Trumps Buck Rogers squad', 'why CNN is all over sudden is doing ad for US Military?', 'Anybody remember NORAD?', 'So maybe not as useless and a joke as we thought', 'AZ State Senator Wendy Rogers\njust called for Arrests of those withholding the Servers and Routers to the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election!  🇺🇸🇺🇸\U0001fa96\U0001fa96', 'Waste of money.  Air force was doing fine', 'wow talking about pro gov propaganda. This is a new low for CNN.', "So...Space Force is a huge waste of money then? Because hasn't the Air Force been doing that for decades?", 'Simply rebranding duties that were done by the Air Force and as is typical with most military program those personnel that are a part of it claim its need to be separate because it affords rank advancement', 'This will not save us from big objects in space', 'Wow thanks Trump! I see a lot of haters here. Too bad Biden will never be remembered for anything like this... Or anything at all for that matter', 'Space Force needs some serious rebranding. Was "Orbital Defense Corp" rejected because trump kept saying "corp" with a "p"?', 'kosmos 2499 - the satellite is designed to test experimental plasma propulsion engines/ion thrusters\ncnn propaganda', 'Where’s Steve Carrell', "Unless E.T. comes in guns ablazin', this is a waste of time and taxpayer money. 👽👽👽", 'Did CNN not make fun of trumps space force before....but now...', 'The real "guardians" are the intergalactic entities actually protecting our planet from the 5% of ETs that are hostile and the 3 DIRECT solar flares that were set to impact Earth in July of 2012. Solar Warden is a real project, well before the "space force" was developed.', "And yet they can't stop robocalls good job America", 'Nothing about the illegal from Cuba that beheaded a woman in Minnesota?', "Notice that they never actually say WHAT or HOW SF actually defends all those space assets.\nOf course, at the end, they mention in passing directed energy weapons and lasers that *other* countries *might* have.\nI think it's a safe bet that if you put a 4 star in overall command of something, chances are they're doing a lot more than protecting satellites from the Russians.\nJust my opinion, though.", 'So not only is the country fucked...so is the entire planet? That’s fantastic. 👌🙄', 'So if you have all this high tech sophisticated instruments.\nWhy all the mystery around unidentified areal phenomena?\nJust saying', 'eeeeeyeah this is a bit bull!', 'Is that supposed to be a story or propaganda for the arms industry brought to you by CNN.', '*Space Aliens Only!!*', 'OMG', 'I wonder if Jen Sucky  is going to be mocking them now....', 'So the Russians have little Matryoshka satellites, how Russian.', 'Error has no rights, but the right to freedom of inquiry ,carries with it freedom to err, and to test the consequences of erroneous hypotheses on which progress in science depends. There are certain obscurities and difficulties in Marx\'s conception of the " rights of a citizen" which neither he nor any of his followers adequately clarified . I should like to conclude with few exploratory suggestions.', '🌟🌟💖🌟🌟', "the air force used to do this ' CNN just a propaganda tool for the MIC, sounds like a commercial , so disgusting", 'But no cyber force!', 'They need to prioritize an effort to remove space debris. That would be a far better use for this new branch.', 'This should be shut down it is a HUGE waste of military funds.  All of this was ALREADY being done by the Air Force.', 'space force haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahahha The Russians dont need the US currency ANYMORE', 'This is nothing new. Our government has done this for decades, trump just wanted to give it a cool name. This was mostly under the air force before.', 'The camo helps them hide during games of laser tag.. ummm, yeah they have a lot of free time', 'I am still seeing Steve Carrell singing Kokomo.', '*Sppppaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacceeeee Farce!*\nBwwwahahahaaaaaaaaa!!', 'Could have done all this without creating Space Force.', 'You all have really no idea what or who is watching 👁️🔗♾️➰➿🌑', "We will see if that works but I don't trust it", 'Lol nice camo', 'I could see some of this tech enabling national broadband in the future. Trump is still a dork though.', 'ELECTRIC EYE', 'Not new technology.   This is a rehash of the "Star Wars" program by Reagan in the 80\'s.', "Where's Steve Carell?", 'ถ้าสิ่งหนึ่งสิ่งใดที่กระผมทำผิดพลาดให้มีผลกระทบต่อผู้ใดผมต้องกราบขออภัยด้วยนะครับ my friend.', "Ain't nothing more than glorified freaking military options that belongs in the military branches that already existed. They ain't doing crap as far as space goes not only that but their name is a farce it shouldn't be space force it should be space fleet and they should have a fleet. What a joke and waste of money", 'This is old news', 'Imagine hating Trump so much you are mad space force saved human lives.', 'Traders to the people', "Sally sex af, but the space force is the only good of trump's legacy.", 'Cyberspace force', 'But you, cnn, made fun of Trump about it...', 'All this was already being done before space force, this is a fluff piece. We know they will not divulge anything so what was the purpose of this... filler?', 'Cheese! Feed and educate your people.. just really expensive space junk. Gross', 'Konami!', 'Cool. But let\'s be real.\n\nWhy use hyperbolic language? \n\n@ 0:54\nThe data is not immediately obtained where it\'s needed at "the speed of light".\n\nIt can be sent quickly, by satellite, but why exaggerate and use the phrase "speed of light"?\n\nThis only serves to diminish the validity of your report.', 'Jim and Wolf are buddies', 'Space isn’t even real 😂', 'mmmmm anything touched by trump i dont trust it .....im sorry. i read up on it to, it seems trump had very little to do with the idea, and it was a dem and rep that worked on it ......but again .....if history has taught me anything at all, its everything trump is involved with, even if its a little bit, is corrupt.', 'Just a PR video for a BS organization. We been doing this stuff way before space force.', 'Guardians what a fu#kin joke just more of our tax dollars wasted, the air force was doing this job just fine', 'Lol, CNN preping for a blackout when the forensic audits and Mike Lindella cyber symposium comes OUT?', 'Is this madtv?', "It's not stopping red hats trying to bring down the Republic lol", 'just make it so I can fly a drone or bot in the war via ps5 or Xbox ssx and we cool.\nwartech fighters launch', "Why hasn't Congress banned Spaces Force which is a waste of taxpayer money, the US Air Force could do the same job. The USA Congress should eliminate a military branch before adding a new one. The 2.4T dollars could be better spend on eliminating Student Loan in HBCU! ! !", 'We already had the USAF doing this as the Air Force Space Command as early as at least 1982.  When NASA would have to wait to launch the shuttle because of a classified mission, that was the Space Command', 'Who was really disappointed about their uniforms?', 'lol where the hell is all that money going?\nSpace Forces 2021 budget $15.4bil\nNASA 2021 budget $23.3 bil\n\n@NASA \ni can understand it they have long term mission running, rover on mars and a stace station running \nbut why dose space force need 15 bil?', '😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣😂 🤣', 'It’s how “The Space Force does” yada yada yada..not “Space Force” .. its “THE “ Let’s not try to make it any dumber sounding then it already sounds.. Do you say “Air Force is making pilots blah blah” you say The Air Force is making pilots blah blah blah .. cmon man', 'Satellites  wont work for ever😉', 'Satellite warfare!! Who knew..?', 'Space if full of garbage thanks to us.', 'Antifa 👍🏻', 'the grift is real.', 'and again russia and china🤣🤣', 'Look up X-37B....\nAmericas Space Plane...', 'I just wish they would change the name? Sounds like a 5 year old named it space force?', 'Now you guys are trying to justify space for us so it’ll be easy for us to except it…GTFOH do da Military really need more money?…u ppl', 'Freaks!', 'Canada has 1 satellite so we can watch CNN Live 😀😀😀', 'Hey space force..why are you not protecting the navy from those ufo drones?', 'Spaceballs', 'Space Force...pew pew pew', 'You’d probably have time travel if you were genuinely justifiable\n\nKeep working on it though 😂', 'China will destroy that in a matter of minutes', 'Hey CNN why have you reported about the arrest of the Democrat Senator from Arizona for Pedophilia??? Why not?', 'I thought the Biden administration laughed at and stopped the Space Force operation that Trump started', 'Meanwhile we can’t get the potholes filled down the street', 'Iran come on', 'What reporting on something other than a past president Trump.\nAmazing', 'This is the Air Force...', 'Thanks to Trump.', 'A propaganda piece meant to show the US as the good guys and Russia and China as the bad guys.\nLmao they even call themselves guardians of the galaxy or something.. 😂😂😂\nScript must have been written by the Pentagon', "This a joke I don't believe what they say", 'Excellent propaganda video\n...I mean excellent reporting.', 'Gotta love trump #trump2024', 'THANK-YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR SPACE FORCE', "In other words, we weren't keeping a watchful eye on our skies before Space Force?  I find it difficult to believe that we needed to increase the size of the Military-Industrial Complex to detect missile launches. We saw this movie before; distinct fiefdoms allowed 9/11 to occur.  What's NASA/all the other branches of the military/security agencies doing?", "I can't...", "Never failed? You've only been around for what a year. And it's the same thing that the Air Force used to do.", 'Why is this "news"??? Are we really going to pretend like none of this existed bfr?? Like we magically developed this tech in a year\'s time.\n\nWhat a fucking joke!! Focus on actual news, and not this ridiculous crap...\n\nThat and the "ufo" sightings that with all the technology we have, we can never manage to get get a clear, or even a decent picture of,  just some random white dot on a screen. \n\nI can\'t believe people fall for this shit!!', "Wasn't it President Trump that created Space Force?🤔", 'What about all the weapons the US has in space? Hypocritical Bullshi*', 'Peace pls', "🤒   👋  , some people don't want to hear anything on what is going on!!!! they don't want to listen to anything, that is what i have been going through!! but some of my friends know but they don't want to hear it either!!!|", 'Space Force should be renamed as "Mike Pence"', 'Amazing', 'USA 🇺🇸', 'LOL!  SPACE FARCE!', 'Yeah everything SpaceForce is doing, was already being done. SpaceForce has no need to exist. \n\nAll it is, is another budget for the military to use on what they want. Waste of money and resources.', "Yes, but this is CNN, so how do we know any of this is true? ...other than the fact that this appears to be old news, like out of Regan's era.", 'ПОИГРАЛИСЬ 8400 ЛЕТ И ХВАТИТ ТЕПЕРЬ Я СЯДУ ЗА РУЛЬ...', 'CNM Exclusive: US. Space Force\nCall of Duty & Battlefield: WRITE THAT DOWN', 'Ah, but while Trump pushed space force all CNN did was provide skewed narrative hit pieces against Trump. Fancy that.', 'КАКИЕ КОСМИЧЕСКИЕ СИЛЫ...)', 'Poor Fredo gets a weeks time out for his serial killer bro’s cover up? We will never let this go!!! He will be prosecuted….', 'Ludicrous speed..', 'Please abolish Space Force. It’s just embarrassing.', 'Yeah But at the same time we are some how funding this BS.... McConnell is bitching about given lower income families an extra couple hundred extra bucks a week!! Wow just wow!!\nYep only in America we have money for war but none to feed the poor!!!', 'Just remember \nThat no Military,  is any stronger, or better, \nthan their best Plumber. Latrines are a must.', 'This is ridiculous. Like this hasn’t been going on already for years. This piece is a joke', "Too bad it's got the most generic name imaginable.  Another gift from Trump.", 'Missile CNN . YouTube/DJ undadirt', "Disappointed in CNN for pretending like Mayor Bill De Blasio isn't forcing Americans to get vaccinated basically forcing people to disclose their medical history just to enjoy a meal or a few drinks.", 'Why are we (U.S.A) broadcasting this?...😂', 'Cool story but wHIch sAtELliEs cHanGed TrUmp vOteS !??\n😂🤣😂', "How is that any different than what's been going on? They repurposed the technology we already had and slapped a new label on it."], ['America spreads democracy to other countries that it doesn’t even have.', 'This just tells us that the time, money, and lives spent for all these years didn’t change things at all. Let’s let the people work out their own future.', '“And this is how the cookie crumbles.”', 'Remember that time when CNN went and interviewed bin laden or someone close to that', '1:32 "You see this is all civillian\'s homes, we cannot use, you know, the big weapons"\n\nIsrael: Did somebody hear something?', '"These men haven\'t had a break"  but they have time to give you a tour.', "The Afghanistan army is incapable of defending its own territory that's the headline. Smart move from the states to walk away and let this turn into what it will.", 'Clarissa Ward the most courageous international correspondent in any network. I wish her safety in the most daring war zones in the world. 🙏', "When our own government can't solve its own problems, it sure as heck isn't going to solve someone else's.", 'Mossberg or Beretta need to start a company in all the key cities. Afghans need to take their country back.\n\nAlso, both sides want religion to play a big part, but there is a difference in interpretation, so they kill each other?\n\nDid I miss something?', "The video starts with smiles. War is happiness. They're just so excited.", 'Mmmm war is love ❤️. CNN America’s network for love.', 'I feel sad for the people of afghan and those innocent kids because of this dirty wars wage by the Taliban', 'Convince the Taliban not to fight? How long has that worked before?', 'Nice up armored hummvees and M4s with ACOGS they have there…wonder if they sent the US government a thank you note', 'I bet Osama will be saying from the grave... “I told you already, you can kill me, but I will still win...”', 'A victory for the Taliban (they are still active) and a defeat for the U.S.', 'Whenever I watch CNN I get the same vibe as Starship troopers.', 'I feel bad for those units fighting while some melt away. Life aint fair', '20 years… that was enough time to learn from us. We trained them up. You are on your own and have more than enough resources. Stop selling the shit we give you for free and FIGHT!', '20 years of training the afghan military and they run like cowards when the taliban come the taliban are outgunned yet the adf wont fight... you have to fight for your own freedom, we cant fight for you...', 'Twenty years ago I remember Bush Jr being ferried to an Aircraft Carrier and declaring Victory. Are you saying he lied. Shame on you.', 'Try to Convince the USA not to invade another country!', "There needs to be a commission akin to the 9/11 one to figure out what the hell went wrong and why did we make the same mistakes we made in Vietnam in Afghanistan as well, but also the same mistakes three other empires made going into Afghanistan.  It just doesn't make sense...", 'We always heard the phrase _“we don’t train to time, we train to standard.”_\n\nWhy not apply that logic to exit strategy?\n_“We don’t exit to time, we exit to standard.”_', '4:35 tusken raiders are hide their womens face from tusken raiders thats the most important they can do to save them from themself haha', 'Clarissa Ward is one brave reporter. She reminds me of what Arwa Damon did in Iraq.', 'The usa rightly did that they were leaving Avgan 👍 let the Russian Federation have more problems and stretch troops from Ukraine !!! 👍 for Ukraine', 'Showing children and women the media knows how to get into your brain haha', 'Afghanistan was always doomed. We were just delaying the inevitable. Thousands of American lives lost and trillions spent and the Taliban will be back in power within a year.', 'First interesting story I found in CNN in over 6 years.', 'Space Force how cheesy can it get,OMG!', 'Over the last few years, I fall to my knees in humbled awe and rapt adoration of the overwhelming number of anointed and deified entities marching bravely into the future with fluttering beribboned banners (bearing lofty noble ideals) held high; committed crusaders who courageously dwell within the rarefied aetheric realms of triumphantly majestic moral authority, unconstrained hubris and pervasive mendacity. Their meticulously, and scrupulously, maintained selective ethics and epic integrity are breathtakingly iconic, empowering, insidiously duplicitous, kind and inspirational! They embrace their authenticity as they live their best lives and thrive, while walking in their truth and projectile-vomiting the latest trite and vacuous slogans with their  disenfranchised empowered voices. Devoutly sycophantic peddlers of panoramic love and light, disingenuous fundamental transformations, fluid comprehensive changes and dysfunctional tautological re-imaginings; they unconditionally evangelize their dogmatic, fundamentalist, fascist, resentful, opportunistic, post-modern, dystopian, vindictive, humanist, ungrateful, non-theist religion of The Collective of The Greater Good! Lavender Love and Luminous Radiant Light!', 'Ah, back to regularly scheduled programming', 'THE AFGHANISTAN ARMY MORE COMMANDOS TRAINING SPECIAL FORCE THATS I AM TO BE AFGHANISTAN YAHOOO', 'Is Fredo there?  Haven’t seen him…', 'I sure do miss the old Cuomo Brothers comedy skits on CNN.', "Y'all trying to do real news is comical. Maybe CNN should do clown tricks to stay relevant. Nope, the would F it up.", 'Now that we have the Taliban is out of hiding in their mountain caves and in the open, it is time to take them out.', "I totally, agree it's your city, you alone can fight for it.", "When our own government can't solve its own problems, it sure as heck isn't going to solve someone else's.", '"shocked many" ...eh not really,  anyone with common sense and brain cells saw this coming... only the truly ignorant believed that peace,  rainbows and unicorns would  happen...', 'We spent 20 years of USA military deaths and injuries to have someone in the future have to buy that real estate all over again…', 'Why go there? Everyone already knew no matter when the troops left the Taliban would be back. You can kill men you can not kill an ideology.', 'I always remember the day when all the news channels were like they want to kill America in Afghanistan then GMA  sent some blonde hair blue-eyed white girl over there and she walked the streets with no problems 🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤷🏼\u200d♂️', "The title sounds like a comedy sketch title. They're worried about exclusive access to this death party.", 'Wolf: " but how dangerous is it for *you?*\n\nDude, she just reported on how many people have recently died.  She just gave a detailed report of how dangerous it is.  I\'m glad she gave a real answer and thought about the citizens', 'May God be with you and keep you safe\nFrom myanmar 🇲🇲🇲🇲', "So they can again not question the u.s. government's choices of leaving Afghans  like they did when they didn't question the u.s. government when we went into it...thanks CNN keep up the good work!!!", 'AND, now, the entire CNN staff, along those at MSNBC are being permanently relocated to Kandahar, and yet, people say, There is no justice.\nIF ONLY.............', 'Why do people continue to reproduce when loving in such conditions?', 'I have no reason to believe anything CNN says I still remember the first Gulf War and their live reporting in Saudi Arabia from a warehouse in the States.', 'To do the will of God. “Always treat others as you would like them to treat you.” And “Love your neighbour as yourself.” That is the Law and the Prophets.\r\n\r\nAvoid all religions, even that of the Pope and Christianity; because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets who continue to mislead us. They all make up their own false laws and prayers. When Jesus alone (in the name of Immanuel) is the Son of man and the true Prophet, sent by God, to be always our one Teacher.  Here follows a summary of his true teaching…\r\n\r\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\r\n\r\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\r\n\r\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\r\n\r\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \r\n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\r\n\r\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \r\nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \r\nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \r\nThis is how you should pray:\r\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\r\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\r\nGive us today our daily bread, \r\nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\r\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \r\nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \r\nAmen. \r\nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\r\n\r\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\r\n\r\n“Truly I tell you; if anyone obeys my teaching he shall never know what it is to die.” – (John 8: 51) – \r\n\r\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\r\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) – \r\n\r\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\r\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\r\n \r\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\r\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\r\n  \r\n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \r\n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\r\n\r\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\r\n\r\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \r\nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \r\nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\r\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\r\n\r\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \r\n\r\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \r\nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\r\n\r\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\r\n\r\n“One of the criminals who hung there also mocked and taunted him: ‘Aren’t you the Messiah? Save yourself, and us!’ But the other criminal rebuked him. ‘Have you no fear of God? You are under the same sentence as he. For us it is plain justice; we are paying the price for our misdeeds; but this man has done nothing wrong.’ And he said, ‘Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.’ He answered, “I tell you this: today you shall be with me in Paradise.’” – (Luke 23: 39-43) –\r\n\r\n“For it is my Father’s will that everyone who looks upon the Son and puts his faith in him shall possess eternal life; and I will raise him up on the last day” – (John 6: 40) –\r\n\r\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20) –\r\n\r\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Saturday the 7th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', 'You need to get closer to the shooting I mean stand right out there matter of fact bring all your fellow cnn journalists.', 'The next neclear weapon will be deployed in the meadle east 💣💣💣', "She said, Wolf can you believe the Taliban is threatening 30 city's? I'll answer for Wolf, no I don't believe it or you.", 'i watch the news media so i have new things to argue with my coworkers and family and be a piece of shit everyday instead of just living my life happily not giving a shit about topics i otherwise woulndt care about at all', '"Exclusive"\n...lies. All LIES!', 'Now cnn is trying to make the war look like a good thing ? Lol\nAlso gotta love being in a desert with no AC, and making women put a bag on in head . Must be super comfortable', '"By God, we have that Vietnam syndrome licked for good !!"\nRemember you people jubilantly exclaiming that !!?\nOf course, you haven\'t ... because you people haven\'t learnt a thing.', 'Regardless of politically leaning(s) or opinion(s) of CNN ; Clarissa goes "hard in the paint".  See "Waka Flocka Flame"', "Afghan army need only air sport from USA to control the situation, right now everywhere is fighting so it's panic", 'Mind Begs the Question:\nUSA Govt armed Afghans against Russia\nTerrorists - Evil\nTo arm Terrorists - Bigger Evil\nNo?', 'Clarissa Is now on the CALL OF DUTY: WARZONE. Nor did to BATTLEFIELD', 'Send in the social workers and negotiate peace ✌', 'It\'s This Easy, "Can\'t We ALL Just Get Along!??!"\nSTOP THE KILLING, THERE\'S NO JUSTIFICATION!!!', 'I spent billions there now I am begging for Oxygen...', "They need to do a fighting retreat and evacuate all the residency of a section of the city that they know the Taliban want... let the Taliban sworm into that section thinking they've gained the upper hand than have all there Artillery and American air support on standby to level that portion of the city with them in it. They can compensate the lost home and businesses after the Taliban is pushed out and the economy has time to pick back up.", 'This is one of those days I wish I was all thumbs, so I could point twenty down.', 'Fight for your land!!! You’re right, it’s do or die. Let’s see what you’re made of. We had to do the same thing in the US. Get your land back. Not our problem anymore', 'Bin Laden was never indicted for the 911 attacks according to the FBI!!!! And now....', 'Quit pushing endless Wars you chicken hawks', 'Bush and Cheney thank you for your service to their respective corporations.', 'Everyone should look up the video "Loose change" will turn your perspective on the entire war.', "After all the blue screen trickery of the Gulf War era, I wouldn't believe CNN if they said they were in my back yard without checking in person.", 'I spent more than six months in Kandahar city. Like with most reports, it is being looked at through a military lens. All of the Taliban are Afghans, like the people in the Afghan army. They are right wing like the Republicans on steroids fighting the Democrats. It is what America can look forward to.', 'Yup, the way this reporter carry herself most likely from CIA. So what is it now, oil. Gold, nature resources or power America want??', "Charlie Wilson's war never ended.", "Tragic Situation:\nLarge numbers of Ashraf Ghazni's soldiers  r laying down arms and handing over arms and everything to Taliban. Aerial bombing is mostly killing Ashraf Ghani's soldiers by themselves.\nBig tragedy.\nKabal is also in danger, may fall very soon.", 'Prayers for those pple who are under attack! 🙏❤️', '1:32 "Ve cannot use the er big veapons" - ?That\'s a strange Afghan accent there. lol', 'I would say that it would definitely be more dangerous for the American reporter than an Afghan. They can just give up and join. You on the other hand will be treated as a spy and as an example.', 'What is the US are waiting for this the right time counter in afganistan when you have the taliban is in the open.', 'A good start, now move all personalities and on camera staff there', 'Just like when they had the interview with Bin ladin ....Remember', 'Reporter is smart n brave God bless her the best', "They're relying on the US air force to much what happened to the Afghan air force don't they have one.", '2:43 He can be a meme lol. Gool Ahmed Khamin The ultimate handsome barbarian judge.', 'Someone remind me what we were doing over there for 20 yrs? Other than fattening the pockets of the MIC i mean.', 'For once, some real\nReporting from CNN', 'We have seen what happen to countries when the US intervene. They will be prosperous once they get rid of their influence COMPLETELY.', 'This is great reporting', 'A wedding hall is an appropriate place for a war room.', 'our allies are fighting alone, they need the US soldiers', "What does the name Tori Amos translate to in every language?\n\nMushroomed we are the truth - army of darkness \nMy backyard Edson Alberta Canada\n\nThe Schism video by Tool is a series of camera tricks using an Edmonton Alberta Cemetaries Crypt as it's location. \n(107 113 by the brick/ 711)\n\nThat is me on hands on knees. Both of them.\nThat. Me standing there pulling myself apart taking those trolls off my face.\n\nThe thing that is pulled out of its neck is truthfully a replica of something I removed from a gay man's penis who I just found out had uploaded the footage of our sex on xvideos.\n\nI have made zero dollars from the songs I wrote and the videos I made that this record company makes money off of\n\nMy music\nMy video\nMe singing.\n\nMaynard James Keenan\nIs a fraud.\nMy lyrics.\nI made my video\nIt's my voice on the album\n\nThere you are center stage.\n\nI want my money.\nI was tortured with sex and malpractice by the government so you could pretend to be me\nAnd sing my songs \nThat I wrote and made the videos for.\n\nYour record label has 72hours to turn themselves into the military authorities.\n\nLA cops aren't responsible for fake famous ppl that have real celebrities y\nTortured in other countries so they can rub elbows with the people I would have met\nAnd spend my money that I worked for and never got.\n\nhttps://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZS4HUVYLNF0cpm6SUcHxUb1RRt0QSVO_", "US have used their people's money and lives for a marketing ploy. Iagine that stupid amount of monry for jobs, healthcare, infrastructure etc", 'I’m glad their equipped like American soldiers, they were trained well by Americas soldiers, they did all they could on the field of battle', "Any news from CNN is manipulated according to the democrats  needs,  so I wouldn't trust anything from them.", 'Now that USA and Russia each have a brownie point in their respective wars in Afghanistan, time to focus on the people of Afghanistan. The world should come together and put an end to the proxy war which has been going on for more than four decades. Afghanis just like the rest of the world deserve a better and peaceful life. Hope America/Russian come together put aside their differences and come up with a solution that is in the favor of the Afghani citizens, which includes the minorities!!!', 'If the troops left why are we still worried about what’s going on ???? The USA made the Middle East a hell hole smfh', 'God loves you so  much that He sent His Holy Son Jesus from heaven to earth, to be born of a virgin, to grow up and die on a cross for our sins, and to be put into a tomb 3 days and rise from the dead the third day, and He (Jesus) went back up to heaven. We must receive Sinless Jesus sincerely to be God\'s child(John 1:12).After we get saved by grace through faith in Christ, if we truly love the Lord Jesus Christ, then we will obey Jesus(John 14:15).  Mark 1:15 "And saying, the time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: Repent ye, and believe the gospel." Jesus said in John 14:15 "If you love Me, keep My commandments. "There\'s a real hell. It says in Revelation 21:8 "But for the cowardly, and unbelieving, and abominable, and murderers, and immoral persons & sorcerers & idolaters & all liars, their part will be in the lake that burns with fire and brimstone..." Please sincerely receive Holy Jesus and put your true faith and trust in Him today and *please repent.*', "That's probably not the safest place to be right now no matter how many helmets and ballistic vests you wear.", 'What’s crazy is how United state military train them how to fight this and that but still they can’t hold it we’ll wonder who is the rider of the talibans', 'I give CREDIT to the unpraised, unnamed Heroic photographers who film these dangerous situations and intrepid reporters!', "When they report from an alley in Chicago at night I'll be impressed", 'this is no withdraw this is the opening of the pigpen, Gonna let it get good and slimy before we come back to make the $$$', "and then we're over here in America crying about mask. Jesus we have it way too good, it's only a matter of time.", 'Enough with the endless wars.', "Well - Air Support, Air Support, Air Support where is the damn air support! At least that should be provided at a distance by our USA Generals...I thought that's what the US Military Training was about - so Afghanistan Military can at least provide themselves minimal air support...", 'They’ll figure it out. The US had their time.', 'Plenty of men who can be armed and fight the Taliban! Why don’t they fight?', 'This is just sad.', 'What had US and NATO achieved after more than 20 years...?', 'You can only convince them if they understand that what they have been tough and what came before them is what’s happening now if they understood that they have been led astray, god has never and will never need anything from his children, but Love ,not hate respect, and to remember God not man nor mankind .stay safe', 'yall arent selling us on more war', 'The only real thing to ever come out of CNN', 'The only real thing to ever come out of CNN', 'I blame the USA what a mess they have made', 'So the Taliban are killing millions every min? According to a lawmaker who is probably sitting on money he stole.\n\nThen question raises, who are Taliban and why are they speaking native languages of Afghanistan?', 'Maybe all of your staff at China News Network should go to Afghanistan and just stay there', 'CNN Reporter: What does "do" look like?\n\nGuy being interviewed:  💩', 'Seems CNN isn’t too impressed with Biden’s decision', 'we are having a Ammo shortage so were are they getting their Ammo', 'How do we agree that two wrongs make a right?', 'Thanks Joe Biden for the mess you made in Afghanistan.', "I would suggest that the Afghan government  arm every civilian in the cities and villages under threat, but they'd probably just end up arming the Taliban", "The US military left 70 armored vehicles along with thousands of guns and millions of rounds if ammunition – the vehicles were left with keys in them. The Taliban was able to easily take possession of EVERYTHING there because the US, literally in the middle of the night, abandoned the base (it's biggest military base in Afghanistan). Without notice to Afghan government or anyone else.", 'Yet they ignored the riots right here, for ten years', 'I prefer Trumps idea "just carpet bomb them all to hell" it never happened though. He did get rid of isis though', 'After 4 years we’re now heavily involved in the Middle East again.\n\nThanks Mr. President!', 'Yes! US should return to Astan and bring trillions of dollars with them so corrupt Afghans can line their pockets some more.', 'Afghan had 20 years to put an ARMY together to fight Taliban and instead half the Afghan Army is coward.', 'What did ya think Would happen when Biden got elected? Gas/energy going way up. Taliban coming back', 'Thanks Biden for creating this mess', 'Sounds like a Afghan problem to me. I spent 6 years fighting over there for nothing to be resolved. U.S. just needs to pull all support and let them deal with their own problems.', '"Exclusive" 😂 She would look better with an RPG 29 on that rooftop ....', 'Is that Brian Williams?\n\nYou are being lied to', 'I remember when CNN use to get “exclusive” access to IRAQ 🇮🇶, who remembers that ? Never Again .', 'Yeah because that’s exactly what we need is the military industrial complex to have their propaganda right there in the action', 'Same Viet Nam- The South Vietnamese Soldiers were retaliated- Some were killed by VC after Saigon surrendered and most of them were put in the central camps and not sure when to be released !', "let's let the distraction begin", 'Dems sure are pro war these days!', 'Damn, they’re still in afgan?', "Fighting is their job for the past 100 years and social security and medicare benefits don't exist.", 'That CNN interview with Mike Lindell makes me believe the pillow guy!!', 'US has betrayed Taliban by again indulging in bombing.Shame on the so called defeated and humiliated super power.', "Another 20 years is not going to make any difference with the US being there,\nwith the Taliban it's a hide and seek Guerrilla warfare like Vietnam. \nThe different tribes should come together to help the Afghan army with local intelligence and support..", "You're telling me that's NOT Agent Scully in the thumbnail?", 'War has been going on there for as long as time. We should have never been there to begin with. In 100 years it will still be war there. Give it up already and let what’s going to happen, happen.', 'The problem with the Western minds and its think leaders, is to assume that they understand better, own and define what "civilization" is and isn\'t through time in memorial. Just read the other comments on here--some think that Afghanistan\'s problem is because of "religion", and others for many other stereotypical, racist or even supremacist reasons. But there\'s a paradox to their understanding of the Afghanistan they reference in  History and quote from  antiquity. But what they DO NOT seem to understand is how Afghanistan as a people are older than many nations today and certainly ANY major religion, including the current one they ascribe to, as of today. They as a people have endured  major onslaught on their societies and still remained a recognised and self identifying  Afghanistani people. So, I dare you to question yourself, what constitutes a CIVILIZATION if not the people themselves? I would caution ANY Politician against making an enemy of a society that understands its self better than his-own, and caution ANY General from fighting an enemy that will always have a bigger picture of the war, than his-own politicians.\n20 years in Afghanistan, has just added another chapter to the history and lore of Afghanistan, as the place where Empires go to announce their END...', 'Exclusive.... this is old news and you are still trying to report it. Stop fuling the fire and pushing a narritive americans shouldnt be involved  in.', 'Where are the social workers, send them in to end this once and for all !', 'Even when CNN attempts to provide unbiased journalism they still have no credibility', 'Kandahar was the Capital  of Taliban State on 1996, and all big Taliban Leader are from Kandahar,\n  Remember this, the Taliban would fight  until the End of Time to recapture and  get it back,', 'Mayors in cities across the United States who called for defunding the police were at the same time using taxpayer dollars to hire additional private security for themselves, suggesting that they were aware their policies were making cities less safe', 'So CNN is going back to this huh.\nWonder how many things they are leaving out.', "Good report. Their soil, their people;  can't let a separate belief tear them apart if that's what it's about.", '…wow…and only 2500 military (usa) managed to keep the peace?  Now what?', 'There will be no permanent ceasefire in Afghanistan without sanctions against Pakistan.', 'US trying so hard to defend its defeat.', 'The us can’t stay there forever it’s sad but then again we should have never been there', 'You look so beautiful when you wear hijab', 'Just because the troops withdrew doesn’t mean the CIA did', 'As unfortunate as it is to have wasted lives to fight in Afghanistan just to withdraw now, that isn’t our country, they aren’t even our friends. They hate Americans. Let them fight their fight.', 'Countries should take turns putting troops there to help or war jets', "Stay out of that shit. There's been too many American soldiers and our families hurt by out leaders' incompetence.", 'Were AGM -88 HARM made for museum? 😂 😂Use them!', "I'm not sure if I ever saw anyone wearing  a helmet like that and such perfect makeup. Good Job!", 'So they go there but they never went to Portland when fed house was under siege for 196 days?', 'Pentagon be like: Airstrikes? 🥵', 'By do or die he meant Surrender or die \ntrust me i know his situation now \nlook at him look at his face he is tired \nhe wants to surrender but the fear of being humiliated by Afgan government made him still stand up but this not gonna work he is literally confused what way to choose', "Despite all the US propaganda against the Taliban, they're still winning.", 'Advice for the United States for the future not to start a war with no one because you will still lose then waste money and people in vain?', "Whatever he says it's almost entirely a lie. CNN is the enemy of the people.", '"Defend their soil" oh please we are not getting back into a war', 'USA means ,, tha destruction Master.', 'Lol, those likes arent doctored at all. 🤣', 'Let them figure their own problems out, we need to deal with ours', 'Plz send the lemon over next time.', 'Biden needs to run over there and give them some US tax payer money, that will fix things.', '1:11 for some reason she reminded me the Starship Troopers movie.', "Dude Alexander the Great couldn't conquer it, CMON MAN, let them deal with us Americans wants no part in Afghanistan.", 'CNN needed ratings so they got a war', "Watch out for Sadam's scud missiles CNN. 🤣", 'soon all guns pointer to the talis sameway it was to isis in mosur🤣 and why dont they learn that 18-22nd centuries are not good times for jihad soon no one to attack in the 30th century.', 'I’m wondering if Covid is another worry there?', 'Where’s the exclusive interview with cuomo?', 'Advance is always is brutal!  Can any one make a soft advance in military.\nUS had taken a military option, failed.Now you opt it out through military might.', "You're about 8 years late on this coverage", 'First you arm them and task them to fight for freedom next you condemn them and call them terrorist', "The fact that the western media always sends women for news report in the deadliest of places in the world shows you that it isn't about equality, nor is it about freedom and women's rights. It's being plain and simple irresponsible and not caring about their lives. Hypocrisy.", 'It was inevitable for this to come as their nation was a geographical asset to the US. If anyone pays attention to the events in the White House, the timing between our most recent talks with China, for our troops to pull out of Afghanistan, and for their government to have talks with the Taliban should give you some idea on what questions you should be thinking at this point.', 'did they hire an entire SEAL team to protect that reporter? lol.', 'If you ask nicely, you can get an exclusive with the Taliban. Sky news did.', 'The reality here is that the taliban will go thru the afghan army about 5 miles faster than the NVA went thru the ARVN in vietnam...anybody remember THAT 10 year exercise in industrial lunacy?....The only thing we have going here is our track record of backing the wrong team is secure....', 'Thanks Biden, what what happens when you leave a Country and leave all your toys SMFH💩💩💩', 'America built the Vietnam and Korean war memorials.\nSoon need to build the Afghanistan war memorial.', 'News flash: This city just fell and most of those soldiers and politicians were just executed on august 6th just after this video was posted', 'Thank you Joe Biden.', "The Afghan national army guys are decked out in American gear and weapons. Actually, what they're using are more sophisticated rifle scopes, and reflex sights, than American soldiers had back in 2001.", 'Pakistan feeling pain from both sides both are our brothers 😓', 'First time cnn has sent an ACTUAL reporter on location in years, they really want to extend the war in Afghanistan soooo badly 😢 not falling for it...', 'We need to get out of Syria and Iraq let build USA .', 'Let the us help y’all', 'The afghan government forces have no heart in this fight because they are doing the fighting only to keep their wealth and their overlords the  US happy, whereas the taliban believe they are fighting for their people and their land, A JUST CAUSE. \nThe Afghan government army reminds me of the rebels from Colombia the US tried to train to fight the communist government and when they arrived to US they ran away rather than train.', 'all those situation occurred because of the U.S. and NATO. I have a question, What was all military personal sacrifice for?? What was their(the U.S. and NATO Goal!??', "Are they all fighting over the opium? Russia? The USA? Taliban? It's a bloody killing ground!", 'As an American, who is knowledgeable about the military component of our fight for dependence, I absolutely wish the best for the Afghanis. \n\nWe too fought uphill battles, and we should have utterly lost the war with the British. \n\nDo not underestimate the underdog.', 'Sounds like a Afghan problem to me. I spent 6 years fighting over there for nothing to be resolved. U.S. just needs to pull all support and let them deal with their own problems.', 'Wonderful job Joe, you sure made the middle east a better place...', 'Itumah emg boleh aja 🤣', 'Yea no amount of military complex propaganda piece will convince me to stay in Afghanistan. WE ARE OUT PERIOD', 'Cnn could investigate where all the money went that was ment to rebuild Afghanistan.', 'Yeah way to give the tailban and "exclusive blue print" and clear inside look and tell the them that the enemy is scared without the U.S way to go on showing them how the setup is basically looking like on what there trying to take over . That\'s almost like sending a hit. Way to go " CNN great interview as always"', "20 years and they haven't got rid of the taliban.", 'every time i cant think cnn cant do something more stupid now they send a goodlooking woman into harms way in afganistan, I WONDER WHAT COULD GO WRONG!', "Maybe I'm a bad strategist, but at least I need to support the Afghan army from the air. Why can't we bomb the Taliban positions? \nIt's better than sitting and doing nothing.", "Any idea whether there's covid in afghan?", 'UGO Girl! Keep your head down. Thanks so much. Godspeed!', 'All USA type gear there using from what was left behind.', '"Covid? Gangbusters with ratings, gangbusters with rating, right? Which is WHY we constantly have the [Covid ] death toll on the side... let\'s make it higher. Like, why isn\'t it high enough, today? Like it would make our point better if it was higher." -Charlie Chester, CNN Technical Director, 2021\n\n"It\'s fear. Fear really drives numbers (referring to TV ratings.) Fear is what keeps you tuned in. If it bleeds it leads" -Charlie Chester, CNN Technical Director, 2021\n\nCNN is using you for ratings (i.e. big corporate money). They do not care about informing you, journalistic integrity and solely motivated by the almighty dollar. Tune them out, they have NO credibility.', 'I watched the story until the end of the video, waiting to hear of some optimistic ’light on the horizon’.\n…there was none.', 'Guess we won’t be getting any Afghanistan resorts any time soon', 'Let them fools sort it out.  They always gonna fight to the end of time. Point blank period', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'Whoa, did they not get the severe casualties from the Corona virus like the rest of the world?', 'They’re trying to justify another war. These people are evil!', 'It’s sad that we’re abandoning the Afghans but we’ve been there for two decades. 😥', 'Another good job Biden!', "How anyone believes anything CNN puts out is sad they've been lying last 5 yrs numerous times & ya'll still believe what they put out ?", 'Yeah, it’s probably in KY or TN.', 'Guess who doesn’t care?????? One guess 🇺🇸😂', 'They need to fight for their own country and look at China talking to the Taliban not the government evil regime China Lord will take care of you', 'Probably filmed in Arizona desert. \nit’s a CNN video. Never take at face value.', 'The Afghans/ Talibans have a history of fighting and war over the course of 200 years.. thinking this will change is just foolish. The best thing to do is just let them be and have them figure it out among themselves.', "Reminds me of Wiskey Tango Foxtrot. The women pointing. There's a flag! There's the war...I hear gunfire...lol!!", 'Show the Taliban  using the military  equipment. Lmao. ☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️☝️', 'Fighting when you win = good , fighting when you loose = taliban needs to stop fighting  lol lol lol', 'Should have just invaded Mexico.', 'I wrote the stories Disneyland uses for their theme park.\n\nWhat letter of what alphabet is a Mickey?\n\nHewey Dewey and Louis are what letters of what Alphabet?\n\nHarry potter characters are named after what letters of what language?\n\n3 little pigs - 6 differences = uncle scrooge\n\nSnakes on planes - trains - sharknado\n\nBlank spaces transmutate world processes using logical equations found at the Casino.\n\nOceans eleven 12 13\n\nUsing these words in the Blank spaces (Readers digest article to mass produce literature due to water parasite global problems):\n\nGoogle\nFacebook\nTwitter\nInstagram\nMicrosoft \n\nNever very something. Nothing very right\nNothing left\nNowhere very wrong\n\nSomething very wrong\nSomeone very right\nNo one very left.\n\nVery = (.)\n\nNothing =\nNowhere =\nNever =\nNo one =\n\nNothing (.) Right\nNowhere (.) Left\n\nWhisper\nWhimper\nWhipper \nShipper\n\n\nScream\n\n\nAll the free games on Google play are..... your new high-school. Detective101. Anti gambling technology. Keep looking.\nRocket science cognition teaching strategy using psychological teaching techniques.\n\nHome schooling? Google Play is your new high school.\n\n#NewYork\n#Columbine\n#LA\n#California\n\nPlay a movie and listen for the command sentences in the film.\nDo you have the right instructions?', 'Sounding a lot like fall of Vietnam…..well at least until they become capitalists', 'Imagine making a living by monetizing the suffering of others a world away, while simultaneously pretending to care. As if this news will help any of the morbidly curious viewers who are simply watching in order to tell themselves that their own lives aren\'t so bad. I love the pre-scripted questions and expert camerawork all made to maximally sensationalize the whole thing - especially the interview portions. Don\'t you "journalists" ever feel disgusting about what you are doing?', "The old destabilize a country & leave trick. Once the Afghans fight it out, they'll be stronger & end up partnering with Russia (who America wanted to position themselves against).", 'And is this still the same Taliban that the clintons were giving guns to 🤷🏼\u200d♂️🤷🏼\u200d♂️ and are we still giving guns to them? And by that I mean the base that we had in Syria that was fighting the Russian rebels.', "Shades of Vietnam. US military pulls out, puppet government collapses. We never learn. But I do believe this will go down as the biggest and worst mistake of the Biden presidency. I'm only left wondering which of his advisers encouraged him to do it and why.", 'Taliban doesn’t know peace only war  after they beat the afgan gov their going to look for a new fight', 'It says a lot when the supposed "good guys" still force you to wear a burka just to be seen in public.', "I am so sorry . I am so weak 🥺😭 I can't do noting for my country  😭 just to sitt alone and cry 😢 🙏", 'This was always going to happen. Whether we stayed in Afghanistan 🇦🇫 for another 20 years, or pulled out 5 years ago, the results were always going to be the same. This is a conflict for the Afghani people to decide.', 'Ooops... are they gunfire support spotters for the Taliban?', 'They are like look at all this we Need to go back to war and put these troops back 😂😂😂😂', "It's time to clean up our own backyard.", 'Wolf in the situatiin room. O wolf how far you have fallen since 1980.', "Military: they are in civilian homes we can't shoot them.\n\n*being in a civilian house 1:36", 'Just send all CNN staff and supporters over seas on the frontlines.', '"This film is dedicated to the brave Mujahideen fighters of Afghanistan"', "Wait, why isn't she wearing a mask🤔", "Where are the other UN players ? There have got to be other allies of ours that can help take up the mantel and help the afgan peoples.  Especially since most people HATE when the USA intrudes into their business.  We are almost Always damned if we do and damned if we don't.  I'm sorry for them but would they have been having it this bad if we hadn't been there for 20 years ?", 'I was in D.C on 9/11… Shit was real', "we shouldn't be there, but we had 20 years to plan an appropriate exit. The US never learns.", '2:14 they look ok..... wearing USA gear lol what more do they want?', 'oh perfect just what we need is you guys telegraphing are battle movements to the enemy', 'The Russians will again pay the Afghans to repeat September 10-11 ... I am worried about the future of US children ..', "Don't trust a word CNN says.", 'NATO must increase aid to kabul Government upto 5️⃣ Trillion dollars .', 'well this is exactly how Vietnam fell, we left and the bad guys took over!', 'Remember guys, this is CNN.  There is a good chance none of this is true.', 'This shows graphically we wasted twenty years and trillions of dollars. But military contractors got rich.', 'Sounds like CNN wants us back in Afghanistan.', 'This is so sad 🙏🙏', 'Seems like the news is wanting another war', 'Just leave and stop the drones and mercenaries, just leave!!!! This is no different from Vietnam, a wasted military venture', 'CNN ought to get the hell out of Afghanistan and leave the real journalism to others.', "Places being surrounded by their adversaries do not have a good history of surviving....Vicksburg, Berlin, Jericho, Benghazi, Alamo, Saigon, Custer's last stand...etc....the only one I know of is Bastonge and don't see Patton with an army coming.", 'A waste of 20 years and by Xmas AQ will have the country back.', 'USA will be spoon feeding all the times. Wolf will help', "It is hard , I don't know what to say...sigh", 'That thumbnail is hilarious.  Just like the potato in the Whitehouse.', "If CNN wants to give Wolf Blitzer a rifle and helmet and send him to Afghanistan, I'm all for it.   Since they love war news so much.", 'Pelosi is INSANE!  🇺🇸🇬🇧', "It's probably Arizona, I mean it's CNN not the most trust worthy news station     :-/", 'Awesome to see Afghan women power, when Afghan public will support Afghan Army ...Taliban and hidden Pakistanis will lose this War for sure, 70000 Talibanis has no chance against 7 crore Afghanis', 'nice costumes.. was this filmed in kentucky again?', "Shameless US and western power's mess", 'Damn, the US has never won a war in my lifetime.', "If Afghan forces do not have the will to fight the Taliban,  what can any foreign force do?  Hitler' germany took fewer years to build back their force before ww2. So it seems to me Afghan forces were just fighting for the benefits.", 'keep fighting mujahidins aka talibans victory is near....', 'Hopefully the Taliban will remove the reporters from Afghanistan post haste', 'In all war the losers are always the ones that get caught in the middle..#PEACE', 'The comments I keep putting down keep being deleted even though they don’t go against guidelines at all, they can’t handle the truth from someone who lived in Afghan for 3 years.', 'Love Donald trump..♥️♥️', "Sooo very sorry about what's happening there!  The USA should not have pulled out before it was safe to do so!", 'Biden and Obama need to answer for Seal Team 6.', "They're screwed.", 'Hey this mite be the first time i hear ana say its their land they should defend it', 'Trump gave us 4 years of peace, Biden 6 months and starts a war', 'Contact your state senator to tell them to vote NO on infrastructure bill!!!', 'It’s another Syria Brewing….', '"If you can believe it" is how CNN starts a segment now.\nStarting to be honest?', "CNN is very happy as there's suffering they can report and make money off.  \nThey pushed for the war last time.", 'Biden withdrawal has ruined all the progress that was made!', 'This happens when one corrupt regime installs another. A corrupt Afghan government that actually relies on foreign occupation.', 'Performance art from CCPNN.', 'I luv me some propaganda. Feed me more please, feed me more!', 'CNN is reporting fake news again. Remember Iraq?', 'Paid $20 bucks to some of the guys to make a little background noise? Sounds more dramatic and dangerous.', 'WTF why is that "Do" before US came in they have been trying to pursaude them to cease fire for decades.. now US is leaving and they still have it on the table.  that is why they are losing the battle.', "With great respect to whole NATO members countries, you guys give a new live for Afghans since 2001 and change lots of thing here, from human right, freedom speech, women right etc, but unfortunately in last you all leave us alone with terrorist's, Afghans fight side by side with you against global treat terrorists', such as ISIS , AL Qaida, Taliban , now again Afghanistan will become home of torrorists it will effect all over the world not just only Afghanistan,", 'Has there ever been a long stretch of peace in that part of the world? There’s always someone or group that needs to have total control over what everyone says and does. It will never end.', 'For all People ,who wants to know, what realy happend in Afghanistan, watch the very interesting  Film here  called " Bitter Lake"', '🙏🏼', 'Sounds  like a whole lot of "not our fucking problem" to me,  this will go on forever,  let them sort it out,  we need to mind our own business,  we got enough problems of our own here at home.', "What a tragedy. Genocide at it best. We're the help? We need Drone strikes. Taliban are the Devil in desquise.", 'Give me the power and I will wipe out Taliban from the face of Afghanistan', "They're not wearing masks over there?", 'Here comes heavy war propaganda from the same outlet that brought you sinister Dem agendas in the guise of saving humanity.', 'They can figure out their own problems. We helped them out for 20 years.  The Afgans didnt want to help us help them.  They made their choices.', 'There’s no pretty way for a misguided occupation to end', 'Afghans deserve to have their country to themselves and not occupied', 'Once Taliban forefathers were hero for US and middle Eastern countries against Russians. Then US and NATO interest changed and start fighting with Taliban for over 20 years and spent Trillions. There was time when negotiations with Taliban could have worked out but arrogant behavior lost the opportunities. Later US negotiated with same people who once declared terrorist. Now US is out and hope there should be agreement making collocation Government represents all parties including Taliban for peace.', 'I have pretty much scrolled through all the comments and literally cannot find a single comment that isnt unbiased in some way, I dont know what the fuck is even going on in this world anymore because not a single person from what it seems can just give the plain and simple facts by yse of history, motives, actions, and all that bs. I am so confused.', 'I guess the civilians should not have been hiding the Taliban while accepting US money the last 15 years.', 'Can you imagine the chaos if they had to deal with COVID too!! The madness!', "Wolf Blitzer isn't real bright.\nIt's the name.", 'Our Lord Bless,Love,Hope,Health,Self-control,Protect,and Peace on the Whole 🌍🌏🌎World.😍❤💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑💑❤😍🙏👋', 'Taliban give cnn a exclusive interview.....👌  wake up people. This is pure propaganda', 'This is just Afghanistan.  Always fighting.  There have been blips of peace, but its a tribal country, and with that comes warfare.', 'CNN has no credibility whatsoever', 'I wish you the best Afghanistan hopefully our government wont fully abandon you however i dont feel our country can sacrifice anymore american blood to keep your country free but i pray that god will help you all find peace and love and i apologize for all the trouble america has caused you however we would never have come to your country had the taliban not supported al Qaeda in the 9/11 attacks either way i hope you all find peace and freedom', 'Convince the Taliban not to fight? You cant fight an ideology, especially a radical one.', 'When it time to come home you fand that 🤔', "Yea I'm not gonna trust any reporter that says talabon and wears that outfit", "Send aoc and the squad... the cast of the view over ther... they will show us all how it's done...🙄😑", 'What’s considered an emergency to get air support?', 'Let them do their thing, we fucked it up enough', 'This was an expected result. USA gives all equipments to its allies and escapes from the frontline... They created Taliban to use against soviet russia and then, that gun turned against usa .. they just doing the same in syria and supporting terrorist pyd pkk sdf and give equipments to them... those terrorists are attacking on NATO ally Turkey and usa is just warching it...i think that is not working anymore... bwcause, you can arm that people but you cant get a succeed. Because, they have no soul... taliban is a terrorist organisation like as pkk pyd sdf and they have nothing to lose...Congrats usa... you killed thousands of innocents to bring democracy but run away ....', 'Oh no another country doesn’t get our air strikes and now they’re weak… maybe not even fit to run their own country\nP.S. there is no “o” in taliban… stop pronouncing it like our dementia riddled president', 'We hear ya CNN but you not finna convince anyone we need to stay in Afghanistan.', 'They have had 20 years to get their act together as US troops trained their military. Not our fault they have been at war for over 2,000 years.', 'You should see the south side of Chicago, d bag news', 'Are they expect America soldiers to fight for ever they have well equipped than Taliban they been spoiled', 'Damn Biden send us back in they came out of hiding.', '"CIA Network News" is in Afghanistan? That\'s where they got their start. So what else is new?', 'Blessings to all those reporters, may you stay safe ❤️', 'I just kinda dont believe anything  what CNN has to say.  I do feel bad for the Afgans.', 'America running away again .... 😂 Beaten and farmers with out date guns', '#SaveAfghanLives\n#SanctionPakistan', 'Looks like the democrats are trying to justify going back there. 🤔', 'I like Wolf Blitzer. He is the only reason to still watch this garbage network', 'You also got heads up when Roger Stone was arrested. Had to wait an hour. Seem to get the scoop in advance. The most trusted name in " NEWS ".', 'Biden photo op on September 11th is going to look pretty stupid. Now we know what a real disaster of an administration looks like.', "Boy, what a mess biden created over there. Just like here. I guess destroying America wasn't enough for failed democrats?", '*India has officially refused to accept even single afghani as refugee in India, and for years India claimed that she is friend of Afghanistan and care for afghans. The fact is that India has always supported terrorism inside Pakistan from Afghanistan*', "no matter what's in this video, its a cnn video so there is no way you can take it seriously. just shut your doors and and go work for biden as his personal lap dogs", 'she is less stressed in afghan than HK, not so impressed, she need acting hardly', "It's crazy because if the Taliban and surrounding countries would just stop fighting there, the country is rich with minerals and resources and people could vacation there from around the world to go camping, skiing, hiking, exploring and climbing.", 'Wow, amazing!!!', 'Who cares. We have enough problems in this country. Now they want to cover Afghanistan..🤣', 'They got Giants in Kandahar', 'Destroy Islam you will destroy taliban', 'I prey for all civilians who are in the crossfire', 'The rich got what they wanted. Now they will be looking for the next country to invade.', 'It is an irony when with all these weapons and training for the Afghani army, they say we feel powerless without the American air support.', "It's 4 day old news congratulations 👏🎉 to all muslims taliban has taken the kandar base successfully", 'That sucks but the US and other countries don’t need to be there we been there long enough they will keep fighting each other no matter what', 'How does CNN still exist????', 'Create a boogie man, build a narrative, sell propaganda.', 'How about these politicians go fight the taliban  same with the msm', 'Democrats spinning up that war machine again…', "You're only going to get peace from a position of power. The Taliban isn't going to stop.", 'Is CNN in Kandahar or the roof of their building in Atlanta?', 'We should never have invaded a country that no foreign countries have ever held', 'Western country fully responsible for what happened tody😡', 'USA DO NOT SOLVE THEIR OWN PROBLEMS, THEY NEVER GOING TO SOLVE OTHERS COUNTRIES PROBLEMS EITHER. FOOLS', 'Did you know if a girl is on her periods and sits on a table it becomes a periodic table', "Take the nuclear warheads and weapons grade processing facilities out then let the Afghan people decide what kind of country they want to live in. Stop trying to impose US values on people who don't share them, stop paying people to pretend to have them only for them to use those resources to subvert your agenda.", "Don't care, ask Busch junior why as he laughed during a press briefing why they never found weapons of mass destruction. His smart ass comment was they must be there some where!", '"Exclusive" 😆', 'Can she say any of those names without butchering them', "Biden just had the President of Afganistan in Oval Officer 2 weeks ago bragging about how strong and ready the Afghan Military and police are and that don't need anymore American help, LOL", "Why doesn't the UN sends it's army to Afghanistan to stop Taliban??", '“Million of people are waiting to die” sounds like Afghanistan needs mandatory conscription because America is done sending our soldiers over there to die for THEIR soil...', 'so Basically 20 years of the us army there for nothing !!!!.... just More lives and money were gone\nSo sad', 'Why did i lose so many friends in this war, just for us to go home and let it all happen again? Thanks Biden, great move....like big brain high IQ chess master stuff 🤨', 'Hhhhhhhhh one  side advance technolgy B52 gunship army 52 contry and super power amrica and other side a few taliban and they use old version Ak47 made in rusia and after 20 years taliban beats all the super power and there frunds so shaam far amrucan they lost there solder abd trilian of us dollar hhhhhhhhhh', 'they are the ones who telegraphed where we were going', 'And now the "Taliban" knows where the Afghan base are', 'the guy says they run away from airstrikes,,,,who are striking from air?', "If the Taliban takes over, won't the terrorism threat return again 🤦. Three elections from now politicians will be pointing fingers on who made this mess when they are pushed in a position where they have to send troops again.", 'Fake.\nThis is staged theatrics.\nRemember when cooper was flooded.\nOr that one tool bag one in a helicopter when it was shot down.', "why didn't cnn blur these guy's faces the city is about to get taken over and yall just doomed everyone filmed", "I don't think the ordinary people really care who's in charge as long as the fighting stops.", 'It’s time to leave. The people will decide how they should run their own county with their own ewligion', 'send in the Mercenarys', 'You are no longer a news agency so stop pretending…', '20 years for nothing lmao', 'Wow CNN actually reporting real news OMG', 'Exclusive, now thats special treatment.', 'Thank you Biden.', 'Many scholars in the Philippines initiated an investigation of Fort Detrick in the United States.\n As early as 2019, Fort Detrick was closed due to an abnormal accident, and then an unknown disease of “e-cigarette” lung cancer appeared in the United States, and then the United States was infected and spread the virus on a large scale, so many scholars in the Philippines initiated  For the investigation of Fort Detrick in the United States, they plan to raise 1,000 signatures in the short term and thoroughly investigate the situation in Fort Detrick in the United States.', 'CNN SHOULD CALL IT A DAY AND SAY GOOD BYE FOREVER', 'I guess we will  hear more Lies from CNN !!!!', 'After 20 years of training and supporting material and money from American tax prayers, enough is enough, let the Afghan forces deal with them. Look, for the past years, Talibans have been ceasing village after village.', 'Seems like CNN and that Black Rifle Company be in Afghanistan more us troops😭', 'We are going to be sent back there within a year bet.', 'Why are they telling us their military strategy what if enemy watching so dumb cnn', 'Imagine actually watching cnn for the news', '💔💔💔💔💔', 'Enemies of the state', 'A shame CNN decided to support the Democratic Party. They used to be the place to go for real news. Not any more.', 'I will give CNN credit here. Usually they are biased and do commentary. This piece was very professional and just facts. Hopefully they can stick to this.', 'It’s amazing CNN doesn’t report what is going on at the southern border, rather, they are more concerned about thousands miles away.', "Media don't talk about Ghani resignation and for new temporary setup", 'Where is the other side statement?\nThe TALIBAN.', 'Are they fighting with Taliban? I think they are doing 9 AM-5 PM job', 'With this war winding down we are all eagerly awaiting what enemy will Biden create to invade next', '[war] thats your business model.\n\nDIVISION \nNot love...', 'Brilliant reporting', 'Player one.. vs me vs them vs you\nName game cemetery crossword chain letter instructions to the stages of how to win a war. SUDOKU MEETS GUESS WHO.\n\n3 men walk into a bar\nJesus God and the devil\nSecret code joke book circle jerk quarterback. Secret message in Bible \n\nHe worked at this joke\nHe lived in this joke \nThe drawing of 3 fart jokes and how to die happy', 'Very good presentation', 'I was confused when I saw a CNN title without C19 or orange man in it.', 'USA is fully responsible for the unrest in afghanistan, fok USA this is what they do but they failed to complete their mission in afghanistan', 'This is probably in a Hollywood studio just realized it was cnn.   Most trusted name in news.', "Who's turn is it to invade?  China, do you want a chance at wasting tens of billions of dollars?", "US airstrikes aren't killing civilians? The Afghan army is not bunkered down in civilian homes? BS # deeppockets", 'Sad that 20 years of training and trillions of $ and support the people of Afghanistan are still unable to defend themselves.  It is hard to change minds.', 'Kandahar is Taliban province & Taliban had been kick out of Kandahar so Who is the terrorist the Afghan or Taliban.', "Leave them people alone they don't have a constitution or the same laws we do .....", 'Oh, shit! Get us back in Afghanistan!! Donate, donate!!', 'Jesus Christ saves from sin.\nRomans 3: 23\nFor all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;\nHebrews 9: 27 \nAnd as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:\nIsaiah 64: 6 \nBut we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.\nRevelation 21: 8\nBut the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.\nRomans 5: 8 \nBut God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.\nJohn 3: 16 \nFor God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.\nJohn 14: 6\nJesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.\nRomans 10: 9-10. \nThat if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.\nFor with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.\nJesus said John 5: 24 \nVerily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.\n1John 5: 10-13\nHe that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.\nAnd this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.\nHe that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.\nThese things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.\nEphesians 2: 8-9 \nFor by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:\nNot of works, lest any man should boast.\nRomans 8: 1 \nThere is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.\n1 Corinthians 15: 3-4\nFor I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;\nAnd that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:\n2 Corinthians 5: 21\nFor he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.\n,........................................................', 'AS YOU CAN SEE THEY REPORT ON WAR WHEN WE LEAVE TO MANIFEST CONSENT FOR THE NEXT ONE. 20 YEARS LATER', 'What is it the taliban is bringing that the people in Afghanistan want?', "CNN needs to stay on Afghanistan y'all aren't smart enough to not point out your location.", 'Turn to The Lord Jesus Christ. His return is very near 🙌🏼', 'Lol Kandahar is gonna fall.. Even kabul will fall. Remember this comment', 'Remember when CNN pretended to be in the heart of the bombing and it was from a different place entirely . Probably  not even in that country.', 'When those who created the problem is reporting the problem.', '#SanctionsOnPakistan', 'Do people really believe she’s in Afghanistan?', 'Green screen perfection....not.', 'The soldiers are amazing.', 'This is the 3rd class news channel of the world.', 'This woman... in 8 minutes has spread soo much hell.', 'Now no one can stop Taliban from advancing towards kabul', 'Looks like,right off of the 15 in Riverside Commiefornia.I call bullshit!', 'Imbedded journalists, where have I seen that before. Meet the new boss same as the old boss.', 'WOW - CNN actually doing real news I am SHOCKED :', 'Shame on you!! Leave Afghan people alone', "These people never learn... It's like the shell shocked into idiots", "please don't show sympathy towards afqan people when you once bombarded brutally!", 'What a brave lady', 'Another reason to prove all religions are false. Useless fighting over fictional book characters', "But they dont have the way to defend it.\nThey do need help.\nJust destroy all tali's", '😂😂😂', 'Will white supremacists allow them in as refugees, or are they just pretending to care yet again?  It may be the only hope for Major Habibullah Shahin and his family.', 'WOW, beyond disaster, for lack of a better word. These innocent Afghan civilians deserve all the help they can get. Bold journalism, CNN!', 'Show what is going on on the southern border of Afghanistan. reveal the truth let the people of the world know what is the real cause behind all this.', 'CNN needs to come back to Chicago and document some of the problems here in the US to bring awareness and try to find solutions. Rather than go overseas to the boonies and try to butt into other countries affairs!', 'Wow as we knew what would happen', 'why the hell you sent her in that place where life of people over there is already in danger? World have to do something now to save lives of poor people.', 'Why does this matter when America is being attacked from within (dictators)', 'Are they targeting MSM?', "The reporting on Afghanistan is absurd, like the US would care what happens here if it weren't for protecting the drug trade. The laughable excuse of fighting terrorism could only be believed by a fool.", 'Hospital in Kandahar is almost as busy as one in Chicago...', 'Pretty ballsy to have a women reporter over there', 'I believe their problem is religion, not the lack of American firepower.', 'Us government logic : it didn’t work out our way so let’s just withdraw and things will be alright 🙂', 'Is anyone else getting Gillian Anderson (Dana Scully X-files) vibes from the thumbnail???', 'As soon as Joe Biden and the Democrats pull out of Afghanistan the Taliban ramp up, who would have guessed...', 'Thank you Clarissa Ward for reporting and exposing the brutal situation in which the innocent Afghan people are in.', 'CNN must be drooling to see the war again...', 'Should have left the mother of all bombs buried  under the ground', "Because they know you'll lie to further their cause.", "Within the next 6 months, all of Afghanistan will be in Taliban hands, and 20 years of blood sweat and tears will have been for nothing.\nHowever, they will probably be at each other's throats when ISIS tries to take over...", "i love their mindset, do or die. If they want freedom... it'll cost them. God speed dudes, good luck", 'ISIS already moved to Afghanistan so situation will get worse', "Why is it America's job to police the Middle East? What's the press's goal here...", 'The United States is on fire in Afghanistan', 'Biden fault what a waste dems just enjoy wasting our money send them money yay biden', "That's one A class set right there! Kudos to the costumes, beautiful actress and scriptwriting!! Who needs to go to a cinema when we have this fine entertainment!!", 'Afghan mercenary says we cannot use big weapons on civilian homes while their "air force" bombs market places, shops, hospitals, homes, and clinics in Helmand and Herat.', 'I salut these reporters', '😭', '@Clarissa Ward, you are a brave and dedicated reporter. Stay safe.', 'they dont want other countries to intervene and now they are killing their own citizen then country what really are their upto?', "*Sorry CNN! There is nothing exclusive about your access to the base. Some regional Middle Eastern news agencies had access to the base quite a while before you. Don't lie, please! We hear enough lies from Fox News.*", 'So what you are saying that this was made in a movie studio🤣not the first time cnn', 'OMG.  THE FAUCHI VARIANT IS ON THE WAY.  THERE WILL BE NO SURVIVORS.  🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴', 'Poor Kids, They should be living a happy life.', "Yes, can't solve own country's crisis now trying to solve other country's.... that's new", 'So???, shall we leave Afghanistan now?', 'Nice video', 'Execute Order 66.... anybody?', 'I love your video at large but i will advice everybody who is into cryptos to Stick with ETH and BTC as much as you can guys. If everyone sells when it starts to fall, which at one point it will, the dream may be lost because of it being too volatile for companies to get behind.', 'Did you really expect anything else to happen after biden pulled US Troops out of there before Winning the War?', 'Was wondering what fake news was going to do to try and keep the cabal operatives protecting the Afgan poppy fields. Hey DS, times up.', 'Now CNN is just trolling…', 'Greetings from Poland to all of you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', 'CNN will now discuss a failed war in Afghanistan instead of doing any reporting on what Biden is doing to the economy or to the southern border.', 'What do the west really think now?'], ["The question is why is the Justice Department dragging it's feet on this? These are serious crimes for which people need to be held accountable.", "I've never seen men grovel as they do.   I want to feel for their wives, but I don't.  ( psst divorce won't spoil his re- election  chances these days).\n They forgot their job.", 'you guys realize that they couldn’t find any evidence he tried planning a coup. but you guys keep running with fake stories. bet you still believe that cop was killed with a fire extinguisher lol', 'Too bad CNN couldn’t go after the Obama Administration like this for their spygate criminality.', 'LOCK HIM UP LOCK HIM UP !', 'Thought this was the Onion', 'Big "no weapon" insurrection.. soon, you will consider a real and fair election as a form of Insurrection..', 'boy you guys really are scared that the truth is about to come out', 'Joe succeeded in the coup', 'Why call it "NEW DAY" when it\'s the same old shit?', 'Big Chunk of Adderal: "I\'m going dislodge from Trump\'s nostril and head toward those olofactory receptors."\nTrump: "I\'ll go with you to THE CAPITOOOOL!!!!"', '"Attempted Coup" 😂😂😂', 'By calling the word COUP is it suppose to heighten the case? \n\nCNN never fails to deliver.', 'I am restless for blood. Come on, Merrick!', 'Man the gas lighting is real', '"Coup attempt"\n😂😂😂😂😂', 'A brilliant example of “doublespeak “', '“I wish I knew how to quit you!”', 'Cnn takes fake news to a whole other level…', "When does a media outlet attempt to build a prosecution  for a crime someone hasn't even be charged with!?!?  Smdh!", 'Coup?  Lmao get out of here. CNN is a parody of itself.', 'Does CNN\'s news staff run on batteries\nor do they need to be plugged in & recharged?\nNever seen such a news cast w/ so much  "personality"🤖 beep boop.', 'CNN SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT CUOMO INSTEAD OF JAN.6TH', 'The insurrection???! What a joke', '"Shocking details" cnn is a joke ..not the funny kind..like the joe biden kind ...cringe worthy', 'CNN staff, plz follow CDC rules & wear face masks.  By not doing so, you are setting a bad example.', 'Cuomo\'s on vacation, how "convenient" for CNN.', 'Anyone who buys this narrative is a complete and total blinded fool.', 'coup is a strange way to say asked for verification of election results.', 'CNN still grasping at straws for trump ratings .... 😂🤣👍😘', 'What coup? Did you not know how the impeachment trial went?', 'Who in the world would ever believe anything coming out of CNN?', 'you love him... admit it... you really really love him. 😂😂😂😂😂 on your lips foreva', 'There he is Folks John "I make 3.1 Million Dollars a Year" Berman.', "CNN talking about a right-wing coup attempt.. lol.  No one watches CNN anymore so I guess they need to create a new narrative about Trump.  It's good that no intelligent person takes CNN seriously anymore.", 'Maybe CNN could figure out a way to get him back in office so you could have 4 more years of improved ratings 🤷🏼\u200d♂️', 'Are U guys loving the post election inflation??  It sets a all time record for post election inflation. When Joe took over it was 1.6%. The June % 5.4% & soon the July % will be published.', 'Lol an "insurection" where the only ones with weapons were the capital police, one of which murdered  an unarmed white woman.', 'Who let Dave the minion out !\nFYI when the orange clown said "we\'re going to walk down" that should have been a no brainer\nthis orange oompa lumpa only rides motorcades, and secondly he made a mickey D\'s run in\norder to better watch the hugging and kissing that led to so much love being spread at the capitol.', 'I look all over u tube to find one negative video regarding the inept biden administration. Given the  sorry state of our country right now, one would think there would be video stories all  over the place. But not a one. Negative stories and vids about Trump act as a smoke screen as if people aren’t aware of the complete failure of the democrats and dementia joes’ trainwreck.', 'summer of love what difference does it make right? open borders, new variants coming to a town near you, who cares trump trump trump as we die from these crazies in charge now', 'Donald Trump\'s "coup attempt" Just those words alone shows me just how much CNN are probably the biggest liars on US TV!!', 'Investigate till the end, or it will happen again.', 'Cuomo actually is the current news, soon to be impeached yet CNN  keeps recycling these Trump stories .  Really proves they cant ever move on from him .  But I actually think its the only content that generates views and comments lol', "As if the videos weren't up on YouTube that completely refutes their claims of an insurrection. But i guess there are people that are gullible and just believe everything these clowns say.", "Given that we now have evidence of fraud and the administration, via CDC, nationalizing private property, I'd say their actions were right and fully justified.", "The January 6th attack on the Capitol was legal according to the Constitution. The people have a right to overthrow a tyrannical government. It's in the Constitution.", "That's why any cabinet nominee must have a confirmation hearing and vote in the Senate", "I think it's amazing I can look at my children and say these kids are a hell of alot smarter and better educated than many many of our Congressman or Senator's.", 'TOTAL BUNK CNN, what happened to you, how about telling the truth again?', 'I have never seen Brinken laugh, which shows that he also has psychological pressure to say these inverted black and white words. People know right and wrong deep in their hearts. I also feel sorry for him. He had a very painful life and lied all his life.', 'Would that be Nancy Polosi, for refusing to adequately police the capital, after being warned of the threat?', "And don't forget: They are still rallying up his base.", 'Buckle up Patriots \n#THE ART OF THE DE', 'The real insurrection is happening every day by the democrat party and the MSM. Including CNN.', 'You know what is coming CNN!', '4:25 could of fooled me.  More like corruption department.', 'Why is this man still free?In other countries he would be shot on spot or be in jail but in America he is free as a bird.', 'Y’all just gotta stop, it’s wishful thinking But nothing is going to happen. Y’all are screaming into a void. Talk about actual news perhaps? Like stuff not happening almost a year prior?', 'This show is getting good, oh ya GOD wins (Jesus)', 'THE KEY FIGURES IN CNNS LYING ATTEMPT', 'They say on Steve Bannon Podcast they are going back to the Capitol on Sept 18 to protest their \n"Political Prisoners".', 'Hahaha. Comedy News Network is getting slammed in the comments.', "Will they testify? Are you kidding? \nThere's a nice Jail in Congress that needs to be occupied by any Treasonous Republican who decides NOT to testify the Truth.", 'All the Kings men could not just resign and walk away. Someone had to stay and voice opposition', 'No proof. Liars. Remember when there were real journalists who wanted the story no matter who it hurt? Now it’s only if it hurts someone you don’t politically agree with. Woodward & Bernstein anyone!', '“I am the chosen one!”\n\n- Mental Patient 45', 'At the Coup News Network, the panic is real.', '3 laptops, lots of suspicious deaths. 1) Anthony Weiner 2) Hunter Biden 3) Nancy Pelosi.', "We only found out about Monica and Bill's little escapades because of what started as the Whitewater select committee.  Who knows what this one will uncover and who will face criminal consequences?  Hopefully the guilty will be found and punished.", 'Just remember all the “conspiracies” that came true. Hope you all are ready.', 'Lisa Page, Strozk  are calling those who interfered with elections and the baseless Russia gate😊😇😇😇😇', 'The picture that is emerging is not "how close we came to a coup" but how little you care. Blah blah blah', "Attempted Coup...okay. CNN, you are adorable in the way you use language. It's clear you don't know the meaning of words and what they convey but that's no surprise, you folks don't even know what journalism is anymore. You gave that up decades ago when you decided to be partisan schills for the DNC and political leftist.", "I'll be there with you...he openly conspired to an insurrection...", "How can 1 person day everyone knows trump won when most of us know he didn't?", 'Complete all audits before crying coup!', '@0:44 isn’t that concerning enough? That there is fraud in the first place but that it’s ok because it doesn’t change who won? First off, if there is fraud, how will you know how deep and wide it goes if you don’t investigate it further and publish what was found?', 'Just remember who owns CNN and the politician that are now in office. There was no way these people were going to let Trump, an outsider, stay in Washington another 4 years to continue to undo the system they have built over the last 40 years.', 'The key figures IN THE FAKE ELECTION RESULTS!', 'Breaking News: Jeffrey Clark to soon be fired by present law firm he works for.', 'The less I hear from Berman, the better....', "I'd like to request that CNN be removed from my cable TV channels list. Thank you.", 'Why not have investigations for the summer riots? Or how their was politicians and even media coverage defending and covering summer riots that cost 2 billion in damages?', 'And if he know all that he need to bring charges against all three of of them 👀🤞🤞🙏🙏🚔🚔🔗🔗💯👍🥺🙄🥱👁️👁️))...', 'This story his suspiciously missing from the headlines of F🦊X News. 🤔', 'god bless us,truth is powerful. it makes no apologies and stands on its own.|', 'Antifa and BLM are still in the streets. They have never left.\t😌\t|', 'Well I made it about half way through!', 'This is just wrong. CNN... Your broadcast license should be pulled.', 'MAGA—> MORE ARE GETTING ARRESTED !!!', "Wow. Can't bring the dems together so they bring up old stuff to see if it will work.", 'Hey CNN. Are you going to have Cris and a film crew at the governors mansion when a swat team kicks in the door at 4 am?', 'Democrats live entirely in fantasies.', 'Grasping at straws trying to keep those 4 years of Trump era revenues coming in "reporting" on complete b.s. sad, but funny, lol.', 'Some top-notch career criminals almost lost their job, and so they call it “insurrection”. Got it. 😉', 'So many gossiping on the media STOP AND ACT IN FAVER OF OUR NATION', 'The "coup" has been going on since before 2016. You just got the players confused.', 'What is the military’s stance on the outlook of the viruses?', 'People have been executed for less, in the past.', 'Someone should really lay his speech from that day over the footage from the capitol, at length.', 'What happened to kids in cages, which is now kids in military prisons or warmongers being the problems, when Biden is carpet bombing Syria and Somalia?', "Lol they keep bringing this guy's name up as if he's the current president. It's sad that media Outlets have to pimp somebody's name just to get results", 'Where is Fredo? Shacking up with his "buddy?" Don\nJust another anonymous source', 'So parmesan cheese does what? Lets look into the multitude of uses if this particular substance.', 'All these well dressed men were such frauds.  Kudos to the people who stopped/avoided the coup.', 'you guys are like a girl at a bar who can’t get over her ex', 'At least our DOJ will make sure no politician or a family member is allowed to use their office to enrich their family.  For a politician to make a lot of money selling their offices while we work so hard', 'This is becoming hilariously ridiculous!', "CNN has been abusing it's power of the pen for years.  There should be a law against that.", 'Clark should be arrested immediately', 'The current administration is the coup!', 'CNN really out here talking nonsense and at the same time asking for people to trust them 😂😂😂😂', 'Used to watch cartoons for my entertainment… China News Network is much better. 👍🏻', 'Well Biden did commit a coup . We did see no fraud at first. Now that it has been audit , we see it was nation wide. You guys are pitiful.', "It's starting to really look like he might see a prison cell in the future", "so you can't even make your own news now, what almost a year after the election? pathetic\n\nlike if you're gonna go full internet conspiracy level at least get some skin in the game and wear an actual tinfoil hat", 'Because participants of a coup normally stand next to secret service guards, taking selfies and then leave completely on their own after a brief display of aggravation. Derp!', 'IT’S OFFICIAL: Any Group Who Claimed 2020 Election Was Most Secure in US History Was In On It\r\nBy Joe Hoft\r\nPublished August 7, 2021 at 6:18pm\r\n1345 Comments', 'So tell pelosi to release the 14000 hours of footage so we can see this so called coup', 'How is that Jeffrey Clark guy not only walking free and without consequence, but actually still has his law license AND a lucrative job at a big law firm???', "It's clear why no one watches CNN. We have found the true source of conspiracy theories.", 'Well lets hope you guys  dont do a coup...that we know your planning!!', 'For a country who supposedly doesn’t like monarchy’s, a lot of you sure did try to re-establish one lol', 'How does biden get the most votes in history but his party lost dozens of seats in the house 🤔🤔🤔 that 2020 election was weird 🤷🏾\u200d♂️', 'Under the jail for all of them', 'CNN, your days are numbered.  Traitors to America???  Real American Patriots know.', 'May our all powerful GOD NOW Intervene to utterly reveal and utterly destroy evils at their core roots!!!!! Amen and Amen!!!!!', 'CNN has become the Q of the left', '"to date", as in the statement by Burr above......is NOT the current reality.  The evidence is there but has to struggle to be notices because of \'Corrupt News Network\'.  Pay them enough and they will say ANYTHING!', 'Charge and lock up all these traitors', "Question for CNN, are the hosts of your network still going to push Michael Avenatti for president of the United States when he is released from prison? I mean, after all, it's not as though there's any journalistic Integrity going on over at your station.", 'CNN Bored Meeting 8/2/21\nZucker - "Our ratings are awful we need something new and fresh"\nBored - "Hey let\'s trash DJT"\nZucker - "Genius! Give them the handicapped parking spot on me"', 'If its said on cnn it means zero.', 'if there was a COUP the border would be closed', 'Trying to strip states of their power to set election laws is the real coup.', "TALK ABOUT YOUR PRESIDENT, BIDEN. HE'S IN OFFICE 🤪", 'They need to be arrested period. Treason', 'Wow! Bribed Biden steals the election (yes, it’s very obvious.), and you accuse Trump.  Good journalisming!', 'How can a man like Jeffrey Clark be in charge of the Civil Rights Division?', 'You guys have no news to report anymore. Sad how you guys are like little school girls spreading gossip.', "It's not a coup when he actually won.", 'Alternate universe delusions again.', 'Everyone in this video and responsible for it needs to go to prison for the rest of their lives.', 'Okay this looks like a bad "quess how?" Board game now', 'When will these news media companies get shut down for constantly pushing division in this nation. And that’s regardless of side.', 'I would like to see the list of all the perps wearing black who are sitting in jail. Lets really look at all the recorded video to get a better understanding how and who really allowed this.', "The coup took place Nov 3 and the days following finding and flipping the right amount of votes needed for Biden to win when he couldn't even fill up half an auditorium for a town hall with Don lemon which you could see by his body language that Lemon knew he was listening to gibberish. Were it an insurrection they would have shown up at the capitol armed. Yes we now live in an authoritrian country with real political prisoners.", 'Man, their ratings must be in the tank. Now they’re just making shit up - even more so than usual', "Lol I remember that time when Trump supporters be telling us to get over it, now they are the ones that can't get over it 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂", 'Why are they still so obsessed with this peaceful protest?', "Get over him already. He's just not into you.", 'You people have no clue as to what is truly going on. I suggest that you hear from some real news sources. You have my sympathy.', "Curious what's the name of the Law Firm that just hired a man like Jeffrey Clark.", 'CNN, for years you screamed about the Russia collusion hoax, a story most sensible people knew was a load of crap. When you investigate your failure and your corruption and take some action, then you might regain some credibility.', '“Insurrection” “Coup Attempt”\n\nInsurrection: a violent uprising against an authority or government.\n\nCoup: a sudden, violent, and illegal seizure of power from a government.\n\nIdk', "I am confused I was always told that if you are the reason someone is harmed or killed than you will get punished even if it was an accident so my question is has the law changed I mean people. died on Jan 6th. and he is to blame so why isn't he in jail!?", 'The only thing I applaud CNN for is keeping the comment section enabled.', 'The election was clearly rigged.', 'Various "potential" crimes.  You wanna convict for potential crimes now. Let it go, people.', 'if this really was "1776", these traitors would have been hanged for treason', 'Really hard to believe this many likes when the whole comment sections is against this', 'Is this a real NEWS headline?', 'Ask yourself, why do (they) continue to push the narrative that Trump tried to orchestrate a coup? \nTheir narrative is being carefully dismantled. They have no choice but to desperately push their agenda at a faster pace than they expected. As a result, their narrative is crumbling and appears nonsensical to those who are paying attention. The world is waking up.', 'Looks like cnn paying for views and likes now too', 'You guys would finished if not for Mr. T .', 'CNN....just like Fox....writing their own headlines for you.  "coup attempt"?  I don\'t think that was going to ever  happen b/c there was a bunch of angry Trump supporters at the Capitol one day.  I\'ve noticed that term being used much more frequently now.', 'Another CNN love letter to the Donald. 👌', "Ohhh! Let's finally make real and effective justice ❗❗❗", 'Its obvious he really won the last election because they are so worried about the next one.....', 'Your still talking about Trump when you have millions of undocumented aliens flooding over the southern border with COVID-19 wow', '5th year of non-stop investigation by members of Congress and far-left news could not be happier.   Sure there will be a 6th, 7th and 8th.', 'I always love how they leave out the next line of that speech where he says peacefully', 'Questioning, I think you mean arrests.', 'Clark head of civil rights division! That would be like having Jefferson Davis head of NAACP!', 'The guy\'s living rent free in there head\'s, they just can\'t stop with the stupidity. Disclaimer at the bottom of the screen,should day, "for entertainment purposes only, not real" but it is CNN so that should be the clue already.', 'Are we going to have to wait until next year,  to see if trump will be charge?', 'Should have just labeled it "The Usual Suspects"', 'Yeah, the dreaded UNARMED "insurrection."  But you clowns keep pushing.', 'You mean the Jan 6 LARP!!??  I hope you all get to experience an actual coup one day.', 'The only thing that is dropping faster than CNN views, is the pants of its male employees on zoom meetings', 'A coup attempt would probably be more violent then the average anifa/blm "peaceful protest".', 'The 💩got to deep for Barr to wade through and we know he was FULL of 💩', "He's trying to insurrect me isn't he?", 'What about Pelosi’s insurrection attempt?', 'lets all make some more stuff up and make that news. lol', "Really should have put various Democrats since they're the ones spinning this fish tale.", "When there's an attempted coup. You round them up and send them away at the very least. Now get to it before it's too late. This should of been handled January 7th!", 'Lol- the law and order President—— LMAO!!!!', 'Coup attempt?  Really Dems?  You gotta be kidding me.  If there is misinformation out there....this takes the cake.', "It needs to be asked, 'If Trump had won the election, would Barr have resigned?'", 'Now tell us the story of Little Red Riding Hood....', 'It becomes more discouraging by the day to read revelation after revelation about all the corruption under Trump and his cohorts and see almost nothing being done about it.   The Justice Department has to get on the stick and begin to investigate and prosecute the crimes and corruption that ran rampant in the Trump administration.', "Give it a rest. We know you don't have an audience", "So why is the biden administration holding political prisoners from the sixth until next year when they're only charged with misdemeanors nobody's charged with insurrection", 'Meanwhile the clowns are running the circus', 'CNN is just an entertainment channel. Famous for \'un-named sources" and staging news events.', '‘How close your country came to crisis’ ?? Your country IS in crisis.', 'lol CNN still talking about something that happened 8 months ago because their propaganda tank running low.', 'Seeing all the trumpists crying in the comments is hilarious', "What is Fox saying? If they won't expose it, then Democrats are really completely powerless.", 'Why don’t you expose the people in the real Biden coup attempt-which was successful?', 'what did they call when trump was so called colluding with russia when he won the last election? is that a coup? wasnt it proven hilary paid the fbi and there were text msgs between agents wanting to get him impeached? as an australian watching this how are some people so blind to what the media is doing to them... i wish you all nothing but safety and happiness', 'Coup attempt 🤣 Commie news net is completely off their rocker now.', "Has anyone tried to assess the expense and time devoted to trying to clean up some of Trump's oil slick?  I'd venture that a third of Fed gov't resources are (and have been) compelled to deal with Trump's coup attempts, his thousand other law-breaking ventures. It's on-going, folks, and it's taxpayer money which could be spent on schools, infrastructure, etc.  A trillion dollars?  Two trillion?", '"We\'re going to walk down, and I\'ll be with you..."  \n\nWe need to redefine the Big Lie.  That ish is funny.', 'As opposed to the successful coup by our current overlords?', 'Lock them up, Lock them up', 'Great to hear CNN call out Donald Trump\'s Coup attempt, a "Coup Attempt".  Now I wonder when will will the USAG do something to put him behind bars.  All of them.  Oh, I\'m sorry, do I sound bitter?', 'Traitors….', "cnn doing their damnest  not to be upstaged by msnbc's ridiculous interview of cori bush.", 'Yall are going to love it when trump gets elected in 2024 becuase then maybe yall will get a few more views', "they will do everything possible to not testify and even then they won't answer questions. The committee will have to find hard proof in some form. This group of people is full of cowards who will do everything possible to avoid consequences.", 'Whats the difference between watching a blank TV screen and watching CNN ?  Absolutely nothing.', 'Do you people even know what a coup means? I doubt it.', 'I thought CNN went off the air...lowest ratings and the TV personalities or lack thereof are changing like the tide.', 'Just stop with the coup attempt lies. CNN . Irrelevant as always.', 'Mr 45 himself told what should happen to traitors', 'Donahue is # 2 errr a, donahue is poo, or Donahue is 💩. \nGarland has to dig out of all the 💩.\nGarland has a HUGE job.', "If u guys continue putting him in the news and talking about him. Trump going to think that he's important. And he's not he's like a child, he waned be the center of attraction. He no deserved.", "I came for the comments and I wasn't disappointed.\n\nStelzer, on the other hand, was.", "Execute all the traitor's.", 'The best is yet to come', 'Who were the Congressman that was in on the election Coue', 'Down with the January Criminals!!!🇺🇸', 'Charlie Chester approves this message. Come on Cyenyen, you know the thing.', 'This country is already divided as it is. As you can see the left has gone to far left, and so did he at the end of his term in office. Don’t get me wrong, I did, and do love some of his policies, but the hate rhetoric, that has plunged this country into more of a divided nation, has, in my opinion, affected us all, as you can see. Not to discredit some of the things he did, that’s not the point, the point is, that we’ve had it. We’ve had it with the divisions on both sides of the aisle.', 'if they testify they will say "I have no recollection" and nothing will happen. Clarke will get a job at Fox News.', 'I’ve known a couple men like Trump. They could look you in the eyes and lie or say the craziest shit and not understand if you didn’t just go with it. And no I was not married to or dated either of them', 'I got 4 Pfizer shots, 12 boosters, I call Fauci Daddy and I still got COVID', "Everything you're saying is assuming there was no fraud... and if there were??", 'Once again, CNN is getting clowned in their own comment section.', 'Jeffrey Clark!? He was the acting assistant AG for the "Civil Rights! Division?" No wonder the civil rights, of Black and Brown american citizens\' are constantly violated.', "Coup attempt? Why wasn't there any news of a COUP! That's huge. Isn't that punishable by death? A coup! Wow.", 'Coup attempt?  The only coup was the last election and it was a success. And the key figure is CNN.', "You know , if you had a little piece of your so called mind left you would know enough to listen to all of the news channels then if you can little ones take it all in and make up your own mind . Who cares what Carlson , or wolfe or any of the other talking head believes ? If you have at least a 3rd grade education which I believe most of you have , you can make up your own mind , maybe , I hope , ahh but then I don't believe your capable .", 'Didn’t we spend 4 years of these same idiots telling us that we can punish our political rivals?', '“Get Jeffery Clark” he’s WEAK he’ll sell the Country out for the Conman who’s Lying about a Rigged election !!', '"Coup attempt". HAHAHAHAHA. T O T A L  B U L L S H I T. Moving along......', '‘LIKE’ Bots assemble. \nWho is liking CNN videos?\nI’m calling bought likes, and help from yt to boost these videos. Exposed by the comments. Your side/viewership is shrinking daily.', "Look at all your thumbs up and down! The magic word Trump is still working for you I see! Keep holding on it's the only way you're relevant.", "Hello everyone! Please come and follow God. Even though there is sin in the world and sin separates us from God and even though we disobey God and things in this world are very difficult, God still cares. Even though there are many hard times in the world, God still offers us salvation. If you will come and seek God and pray to him for forgiveness and help and put your faith in Jesus christ for salvation, you can experience the love of God. If you seek God, he says you will find him, if you truly seek him. If you repent of your sins and be Baptized in a church that truly follows the Bible ( just make sure it is one that truly does follow the Bible)and you do the will of God, you can be saved and have everlasting life with God in heaven. Studying the Bible and going to a biblical church can help. Just ask God to help you along your journey and he definitely can and God can bless us in ways we can't even imagine. I hope you will consider this and I pray that God blesses you and leads you in the Truth!", 'The doj wasn’t fighting back, they were protecting a criminal', 'We also gotta be careful or else the british might come back to take back their 13 colonies', 'walk down.. to the CAPITAL.. sounds like Martin Short', "All of the crap going on in our country and these fools still can't get over Trump.", 'THE DELUSION CONTINUES...', 'LOCK THEM UP!!', 'How do you milk sheep?\n\n\n\nClaim election fraud.', "You can't control the narrative anymore CNN. You are dinosaur media and your days are numbered. Nobody watches you. Everyone thinks you are corrupt. Its over. You are over.", 'The big coup was the last election.', 'So.who is behind all this,the mastermind? Putin?', 'Right On !  CNN needs some ratings love so they throw out a piece of fresh meat and use Trump\'s name  -   LOL   \n\n"When the government\'s boot is on your throat, whether it is a left boot or a right boot is of no consequence." ― Gary Lloyd', 'The only person who died as a result of January 6th was an unarmed woman who was shot by a government thug.', 'A coup so fierce, little old ladies with juice boxes were involved.', "hahaha Still talking about Trump. Why not put your energy on Biden? All his corrupt business deals, his creepiness around young kids, how he's ruining this country? How about Cuomo? If that was Trump you would be running the story day and night. This is why ppl do  not trust the media!", 'How much Pence knew about this?', 'It’s not an “attempt”. Attempt is in the definition of coup. This is far more than just semantics. The coup is ongoing.', 'Having watched Joe Rogan interview the woman that escaped North Korea, I realized where CNN gets their talking points. Scary!', 'throw them in prison', 'Meanwhile Covid infected migrants are flowing across the border. Sorry I mean what used to be a border.', 'The coup attempt was russia russia russia, run by pelosi, schiff and nadler.', 'DonTheCon and gang must be held accountable', 'Entertainment for the sheep.', 'CNN Are you guys ready ??? Get prepared for the S T O R M :-)', 'Federal Grand Jury!', 'As if we don’t have bigger and more current issues to deal with?', '"Oh wait....you want us to testify?   Hey it was all Trump.  I\'m outa here."', 'Are you trying to get him before he runs again', 'Coup attempt!  Lmao! Anything to sell a bs story', 'So sad that the Project Mockingbird subjects r about to have their reality shattered!!!', "I hope we son't have to wait long for charges to be filed against trump the traitor.", "NOTHING CAN'T COMPARE OR WHAT CORRUPT TRUMP DID & STILL DOING EVERYDAY IT'S SOMETHING  (NEGATIVE) FROM WENT HE STOLE THE ELECTION 2016..", 'How do you milk sheep?\n\n\n\n\nClaim election fraud.', 'There was no coup attempt, you lying lunatics', 'Enjoy the show 🍿', 'How many more years are you going to drone on about this?', 'Face questioning? They need to face prison time!', "RECOMMENDATIONS® I think it's a good idea to wear plastic bags with zip ties to flatten the TDS curve", 'When I need a good laugh, I tune in to CNN.', "If I had $1 for every time cnn said they have shocking news about anything that turned out to be fake news or blowed back in their face, I'll would be a millionaire by now.", 'Remember that Time David Dorn had his skull bashed. As they the people responsible chanted black lives matter....that was somewhat ironic', 'You just make it up as you go. This is so far fetched.', 'The commission has zero credibility', 'It was not an insurrection. Why do you people continue to lie.', 'You mean the dem coup using you something  you should be proud of instead of hiding it always hear misinformation  from you tell the story right', 'All the while this was happening we had a pandemic raging killing about 400000 extra people', "Trump get's accused of a coup attempt while buy dung manages to succeed in a real coup.", "Remember, Obama didn't prosecute THOSE RESPONSIBLE FOR 2008 CRASH AS HE PROMISED. ALSO WEAPONIZED IRS AGAINST CONSERVATIVE GROUPS.", 'Breaking news:CNN extends trump eviction moratorium from liberal hiveminds... until Biden leaves office.', 'CNN, king of hit pieces instead of actually being investigative journalists and going head to head and actually discussing a situation. Snakestream media all program the same propaganda bs.', 'To DOJ: "Just say the ex-President was corrupt and leave the rest to the courts and the R congressmen." (In this case, "R" stands for "Respectable" congressmen - a completely different group than who Chump was referring to.)', 'Did they fire Cuomo yet?', 'Damn they are screwing up so badly they have to remind ppl about orange bad man', 'Hey #cnn Are you going to cover the dominion whistleblower and the A Z audit? Chester said you were moving to Climate change when does that release? #projectveritas', "Hmmm...patience has its rewards. All the Fox Nrws and Newsmax and qanon  fans gather at CNN ..that's interesting and telling 😂", 'if, no repercussions, it will happen again.. one of the future campaigns to cross the rubicon will succeed', "Historians will tell that the 2020 election was stolen.....things start to surface on a more rational basis than emotions,  which the liberal media become tabloids...liberals do get emotional, don't they?", 'What a joke, "news". You people need to get lives! Orange man bad is gone, he\'s never comming back. Its time for you people to get lives and move on with them 😂👌', 'A coup? GFYM. Its amazing how CNN hasnt burned to the ground.', 'Yes. Thanks for this reporting job. Until then, I stayed up til midnight listening to this stunning set of details. Yet, I couldn’t get it. While I am sleepy right now, the line of events are clear. Thanks CNN! It’s just heartbreaking... that January 6th happened ...the way it did. Now, we see better slightly. Good that all this stuff will be examined by various Congressional committee. Thanks. Yup!', 'Dude you guys are really still gossiping about trump? You’re like middle school girls', "And now Bolton is their best friend forever. You can't make this crap up. Oh wait, you can!", 'lol. the man still all CNN talks about...free advertising for him i guess...', 'TRUMP SHOULD BE $$ CHARGED FOR ALL THIS WASTE OF TIME, COURTS, INVESTIGATIONS, HEARINGS,LAWYERS, ETC...', "Let's start with the basics.... DEFINE COUP. and please, use a dictionary not MSM.", 'Why aren\'t you covering the current administration\'s failures or Cuomo in hot water?  Or, anything related to Joe Biden\'s son and the ongoing investigation into their illegal dealings with the Ukraine?  Those are more relevant and up to date news pieces but because you cover for the Democrats, YOU DON"T.', "Covering this about Trump... old news.... what about Obama's birthday party.... very little comment on this from CNN. I guess everyone else is held to a different standard. He can have a maskless party, dancing, hugging with hundreds of guests but we have to mask up even after vax and say away from each other!...", 'How in the hell is CNN allowed to twist the truth and get away with it?  There is no mounting evidence against Trump.  There were actors within the Trump supporters and everyone knows it.', 'No election fraud?  Just wait!!!!!', "I just love CNN's new comedy format. It's hilarious!", 'Coup attempt? Lol are you serious? He asked for the votes to be recounted...that counts as a coup attempt these days? What about in 2016 when they were saying he cheated and tried multiple attempted coups on him from the minute he won the presidency. These people are F’d and need to be forced to look in the mirror.', 'Nobody talks about potato joe \nStill talking about trump 🤣', "is this just like the evidence about Russia collusion that never existed.  CNN, It's amazing how you just make it up as you go along.", 'Where’s fredo?', 'Comedy News Network.  So where is all your coverage on the Cuomo brothers?', "This is straight misinformation theres no coup it's called an audit you fools", 'Something has to be done to send a message that this type of madness will not be tolerated in this country', 'CNN covering up Cuomo.', 'Why did 4 capital security guards commit suicide already?', "Attempted Coup\nThe next one will be successful \nIf they don't do something now", 'Ahahahahhaahahhaha now it’s a coup attempt? Jesus Christ how low will\nthey go. They must know that they have no morals or integrity', 'Now this is a network that should be banned from social media', 'I like how they say coup when it was obvious he was seeking a Constitutional outlined remedy for his grievance', "I know Trump videos get the most views for y'all CNN but I got an idea for even more. Fire Chris Cuomo and see what those ratings look like....", "The proof is NOW  out for all to see! Let's see current News!!", 'Notice how Trump always leaves the fingerprints on others like Mark Meadows. He deliberately mentioned him by name in the infamous phone call to Georgia. Meadows is a ‘mark’, he should have MUG tattooed on his forehead… 👍', 'TREASON!!! 🇺🇲', 'Talk about conspiracy theories...', 'Cnn where the real news at, ooh you don’t know how', 'I love how you guys keep cutting his speeches in half to change his meaning. Shame', 'Why are these people still allowed to walk around free?  Time to lock up the Putin Crew!', 'Garland is a tool.  😆', 'Could, maybe, perhaps, possibly, considering, pondering, wondering or even thinking about charging someone eventually? Let us all know when you actually find Bigfoot, ok? Thanks.. Just My Thoughts...', 'CNN, can you please take a long hike to NOWHERE, Thanks.', 'Coup attempt !! What planet are you living on? This is the US not some third world jungle nation.', 'Why are these people treated like they are not accountable for their criminal behavior?', 'Ended up being a Biden coup', "dear lord ! if those democratic's that abandoned their responsibility should have to answer. if a person have to show up to jury duty and not show up they would be locked up. some of them claims to know god, i say the devil 👿 know god more, because they do not obey the law of the land.|", 'Hahahahaha......trying to remind us of how bad things were then compared to now?\n2020 called.... it wants it’s easy target back. 😂🤣😆', 'The enormous science reilly trouble because hell nomenclaturally plant pro a ludicrous spruce.  flagrant, woebegone exchange', "That's just what we know as of THIS month...", 'If anyone thought that was a coup attempt by a couple hundred people, your literally the definition of stupid for believing that. Our country is so weak a couple hundred people could overthrow it? Laughable.', '👍\u200d\u200d👍\u200d\u200d!', 'funny how they are not saying a word about gov coumo about to be arrested for his sexual assaults huh', 'Ask Pelosi she the one refused backup troops', 'He went to his private room turn the tv see the show unfold he lied talking he be there with them smh', 'Lock them up.', 'How in the hell could Trump stage a coup when he was still President?', 'Lets talk about border and ballot recounts instead.', 'What coup if the election was stolen', 'I want to see more reports on Andrew Cuomo', 'Either every single county/state official is lying their ass off to spite a single man, or a single man is coercing a number of people to lie their ass off for him to retain power.', "Lol, I remember all of cnn's claims....that never became facts. \nWe'll get him this time..............\nRatings in tank, launch the next fake investigation!", "What don't you understand...You are Fired!         Unpresidented chapter in our country and while interesting to watch from afar it was also sad.", "The video proves he didn't encite", 'Even the "My Pillow" guy was in on the conspiracy! What a freak show this has all been.', 'Those two are traitors !!!!!', "CNN doesn't get tired of talking about Donald Trump?", 'CNN is shat. We all know it.', 'it should be illegal for CNN to play edited clips of trump at the end of this video. How about you played the entire CLIP unedited???', 'Does anybody watch CNN  anymore fake news how low can you go on your ratings', "I ain't gonna lie but we need Trump back in office Biden got us lookin fukt up out here", 'Yet still Trump walks around like the most relevant kingmaker of American GoP.\nWhat did Darwin say about the fittest?\nThe fittest survive.', 'Recall Gavin Newsom!', 'CNN and other media...credibility on anything now a days?  lol', 'What about the corruption within the Democrats?', 'CNNs motto: Orange man le bad', 'TDS is still a thing and Democrats know they will lose in 2024.', "There was no Coup Attempt. But, then, CNN isn't a News Agency.", "Open borders to let in voters for Dems that's the real coup.", 'Garland has to do nothing to maintain the DOJ as a single entity when the president is not trying for to corrupt the DOJ. Garland needs to do his damn job and start holding people accountable before the next insurrection happens. He better do something soon...', '"coup attempt" you guys really don\'t know when to shut up for your own sakes report real news and stop with the lies either that or keep watching your ratings drop', 'What about Steven Mnuchin that guy in skull and bones.', 'When is Garland going to ARREST Eric Holder for "fast and furious"\nI do believe colluding with Drug Cartels is illegal, especially when one of his own agents is MURDERED.\nSomeone DIE\'s in the commission of a crime it\'s MURDER', 'Coup attempt? Lol.', 'Reeeeeeereee REEEEEEEREEE lmaooooo 😂 who was Rosanne Boylin', "Alright...that's enough about the protest you call insurrection...were not gonna buy it.", 'CNN will soon go bankrupt and the donald will buy it for a 1 dollar! hahahha', "Alright. That's enough", '“Mostly Peaceful protesters” or “fortified elections.” Lmaoooo', 'Lock him up', "Y'all OBSESSED WITH TRUMP🥰🥰🥰", '“Could face questioning…” Wow 🙄 How about facing jail time!!?', 'You ain’t seen nothing yet, Fk around and find out.', 'Think of the press as a great keyboard on which the government can play.\nJoseph Goebbels \nThe DEMOCRATS principle are that when one lies, one should lie big, and stick to it. They keep up their lies, even at the risk of looking ridiculous.\nby Joseph Goebbels', "Obama doesn't wear a mask why do you 😂", 'Most un-American person in USA. Send him to a prison in Mexico', 'I wish I had thought of this great take-off on Sinclair Lewis: When fascism comes to America, it will be holding a Bible upside down and dry-humping an American flag.', 'Joseph Goebbels would be proud.', 'if you want to know what Democrats are up to just check what they are accusing Republicans of doing', "Trumps coup attempt or insurrection. That's the real big lie.", 'We love you President Trump!', 'lets all talk about it for so long that he evades justice by dying of old age.', 'Baseless??? Haha The truth is coming out. No one with any common sense thinks biden got more votes in history, even more than obama!!! Hahaha', 'Comedy News Network at it again 😂😂😂', 'Election fraud I will say it again and again yes it happened here in America election fraud I myself was sent three mail-in ballots I have never used these names and yet it came to my PO Box my physical address I do not get mail at and yet I got two more mail-in ballots the names I have never registered in go figure', 'You guys are shameless and unbelievable', 'All these fake stories about Trump makes it clear - CNN cannot attain any viewers unless they mention Trump. What a sad, pathetic group of people.', '6 months later all they talk about is trump. Maybe focus on the country. CNN, the flat earthers of the news world.', 'All you shills are going to hang! \nYou all will be held accountable for your actions! \nThe best is yet to come!', "This is all well and fine but why couldn't they have had the balls to do this after the impeachment and hold him accountable.", 'In the old days of america insurrectionist or treason they are hang or firing squad this should get the same sentences as before.', 'Gotta love the propaganda.🖕🏿', 'Bruh it was a mostly peaceful protest', 'Like anyone still believes CNN?', 'COUP, COUP ALERT. More like clown alert', 'Further proof that CNN cannot continue to exist without Donald Trump. \nEvery time CNN runs another hit piece on the former President, it is simply further proof of how weak Jeff Zucker truly is, and how desperate CNN is without Donald Trump in office.', 'Attempting to take office by a coup requires 3rd world thinking...', "Overthrow a government that wasn't there and a president who had not yet taken office?", 'It was a counter-coup.', 'Enemy of the people!', 'LOL!', 'Used to be a Dem. Tired of the LIES.', 'To date.  It took time to dig up the facts.', 'There was no coup attempt you dirty liars', 'He was right about the bat ☕ soup lab', 'Take your Communist News Network elsewhere. You’re getting nowhere with it here in America.', '" Coup attempt\' my ass', "I didn't even know CNN was still around, I thought they went bankrupt. Is this just reruns from last year?", 'Edit out the peacefully lmAo words of Propaganda news . Nobody believes you CNN lol please just stop already !!!', '"Mostly peaceful protests"\n\n"Coup attempt"\n\nNot sure which one I should believe.', 'Lol!', 'Coup Attempt? Are you insane? This is why people hate MSM specifically CNN, you couldn’t tell the truth if you knew what it was.', 'cnn voted most misinformation network.', 'Good by CNN.', 'Smart people know that trump committed several crimes. Just lock him up already.', "I don't think these people get it. If ALL CONSPIRATORS DO NOT GO TO PRISON, a civil war will be the least of our problems", 'Shut up about November 6th. Get on with fixing real problems in this country starting with the removal of this installed regime. They are ruining America!', 'CNN should be sued for calling this a insurrection', 'Attempted coups are ok and we don’t need to haul these guys in for questioning??  Doesn’t make sense when us regular folk are getting pulled over and ticketed for tinted windows and going 2 mph over the speed limit.', 'The more and more they continue to report this bullshit. "Shocking Evidence". "Shocking" "Shocking" "Bombshell" "Bombshell". It\'s so obvious.', "He is sleeping don't wake him up", 'Funny how people can make a story about something that never happened.', 'Lol. Coup attempt. There was no coup attempt.', "The only ones who committed the coup are the ones blaming Trump for it. \nHow's those forensic audits going?", "So you guys are just gonna milk Trump for 4 more years?  Next time there's a republican in office maybe don't try so hard to get him out if this is your business model?", 'The fake news is beyond desperate with Mike L’s info and the AZ audits coming out too many fires 🔥 for the liars to manage and put out! CNN needs some more fire extinguishers! Anderson Pooper looks worried 😟', 'CNN must be just  running out people to talk about', "CNN uses the coup like they use the word racist. It doesn't mean anything anymore.  How about concentrate on the mess at the southern border that Biden created or Bidens mental decline.", 'Why is CNN still trying to function?', 'More Hegelian Dialectic nothing to see here.', 'So let me understand…Trump colluded with Russia AND attempted a coup of our government? 🤔 By the way why did you edit Trump’s speech right before he said “peacefully and patriotically”? This is why you are failing in the ratings. #fakenews', 'THE COUP WAS ON NOVEMBER 4 AT 3AM', 'You mean  Traitors. 😏☝', "LIARS. MIDTERMS BABY ❣️❣️ SEE YAS THEN. WHAT ABOUT ARIZONA LIAR'S.", 'OMG!  Which is why I don’t watch CNN', 'There was no insurrection.  No coup attempt.  More lies to build on to the last 5 years.   So, how’s things at the border.  How about Afghanistan, or that inflation?  Cognitive ability?  It’s a train wreck and your lies won’t change that.  We see you.', 'CNN ❤️ Trump!', 'We want to hear true news. Like cuomo CNN’s hero.', 'Been going on BBC News site more often lately. They seem to be covering other things than the pandemic, which obviously is important, but there’s also serious environmental issues and a lot of other things going on which they seem to cover as well. Just more balanced. So, been trying to wean myself away from CNN even though I always go to them first. Just to see if there’s been any recent mass shootings here and so forth. And I go to them for their business news coverage somewhere. But it’s just getting to be a bit much with you guys, if you’re listening. All the voluminous  updates on vaccines but always in guilt and fear- mongering diatribes, for lack of a better description, and obviously most Americans have already made up their minds which way they stand on that issue. I wear a mask and I practice social distancing. I got Covid already. I’m not going to get the vaccine. I don’t support Trump or the GOP in general but it’s just getting a little over the top. No amount of CNN guilt and fear-mongering is really going to make me do anything differently at this stage in the game. Sometimes the more you hit people over the head with something the more  likely you are to push them away. And if somebody like Chris Cuomo is starting to lay guilt and fear  trips on people regarding Covid, all I can really do is think about whether or not all the accusations towards his brother are true. That seems to be newsworthy as well.', 'They Live 👀', 'When the f will trump be dragged to jail?', 'Watch the Arizona audit. BOOM!!!!!!!', 'Time to hold these reporters accountable the fake news.', 'Don’t care don’t watch u guys anyways but y’all still on his jock? U people like that crazy ex who don’t stop harassing  a dude and his new Gf after he broke up wit u, when u the one that got caught cheating. Jeez', 'With all due respect , you’re not smart.', 'Coup attempt? About as accurate as CNN calling itself a News organization….', "Surprise surprise CNN is still on Trump. Get a life get real find another topic. First thing you should be discussing is how you're going to get rid of Chris Como", 'She was asking those two guys go ahead and it made that the was a little fraud to the American people but because they were Soaker up and part of the corruption they would not a made it', "That election Fraud claim - seems to be coming true. Are you paying attention? You all are looking pretty stupid claiming there wasn't fraud in AZ - all the other states are starting to uncover the same cheating tactics. THIS ISN'T LOOKING GOOD FOR DEMOCRATS.", 'The 3 stooges .....', "cnn...worst ratings in years. Still can't get enough of daddy trump :)", 'The DOJ needs to begin to investigate these high crimes, that we\'re just beginning to learn about. Few things could be more serious than the takeover of our Democracy. The DOJ needs to work for," we the people," and start doing their job at protecting us.', "Why is it that democrats stand behind democracy, but the republicans don't stand behind our republic?", 'CNN is the new National Enquirer =D', 'CNN is where the drama is. Coup?? Total fantasy. Nice click bait CNN! What a joke,', "Nothing will happen, lots of talk and nothing else, just like Trump's tax returns and both impeachments.", 'They got to lock that man up.  It is a shame that in this country there is no justice against people like that.', 'The comment section is how you know CNN is paying for likes...', 'Coup attempt ???? \nWhat are you guys smoking ???', '"the media doesn\'t get the story right", people have genuine problems with the media......and you are part of the reason people can\'t stand the media"\n- Michael Wolff', 'When is CNN going to learn to NOT tell lies?  This is why CNN’s viewership ratings have fallen through the floor and people just don’t trust them anymore.', 'CNN  has lost ratings 🤣😂', 'Psalms 110:1-7\n[1](A Psalm of David.) The LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.\n[2]The LORD shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion: rule thou in the midst of thine enemies.\n[3]Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power, in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning: thou hast the dew of thy youth.\n[4]The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.\n[5]The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath.\n[6]He shall judge among the heathen, he shall fill the places with the dead bodies; he shall wound the heads over many countries.\n[7]He shall drink of the brook in the way: therefore shall he lift up the head..', '🤭POTUS BIDEN using EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE against little boy tRump 🤣', 'They should be banished to Siberia, and that is still not enough for their ongoing attempt to destroy America.', 'An attempted coup in America. \nNot a peaceful stroll in the Capitol.\nRepublicans are awesome at denial and lack of morals.', "How's those night time ratings there CNN?  Tucker beat you and MSDNC combined...again!  LOL!  I guess people really have figured out you are the enemy of the state.....Also, on a related note...Whomever is coordinating the response bots for these YT postings....Work on your grammar...It's becoming obvious.", "It ain't cnn if they aren't trying to take out there competition, trump", 'The man is gone for more than 6 months, move on. Oh wait... you can’t, without Trump you’re nobody. Trump really lives rent free in y’all heads', 'Even on YouTube, CNN is a Joke.', 'Anyone who watched the election on election night and didn\'t wait for the "experts" to chime in the next day could see that something shady was going on....', "Why haven't we picked up our guns and gone and cleaned house already. How much longer are we going to let this tyrannical government rule?", 'Trump will get away with it.\nThe US government has lost all credibility and deserves no respect.', 'I am from Canada… Americans need Trump. Americans are too weak under Biden', 'This is the standard for American kids a White House run by a nazi spin doctor with support from Congress yeah—dark days in the ethics department?!  This is a humiliation to the 10th degree America.', 'More t-shirt sloganeering CNN?', 'What a bunch of bs!', 'Twice impeached, none of this is surprising.  GOP senators let this happen, they are all accomplices.', 'Does anyone actually watch CNN for news or just to see how deranged they’ve become?', "Yep your mouth is moving you're lying", 'The Jan 6 riot at the Capital was instigated and designed by the FBI.', 'Junk news and staff.......', 'The ratio police is trying hard to make people believe this dribble. But looks like the comment police has given up.', 'RENTTT FREEEEEEEE😂😂😂😂😂', 'Why is pelosi not getting investigated for fraud', '“Coup attempt?” How pathetic on CNN’s part, but what can anyone expect from this propaganda machine for the DNC.', "CNN propaganda ain't working.....Go ask your Dem for more CNN funding", 'coup, LMAO WITH NO GUNS'], ["“It's hard to win an argument with a smart person. It's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.”—Bill Murray", 'Never trust a guy who blinks as much as Mike Lindell. His motivation is clear... "there will be MyPillow discount codes throughout the event"', 'With his background, how was he issued a security clearance, to gain access to the "White House," and to meet, and discuss national security issues, with the former U.S. President, Donald Trump?', 'Lindell is no longer pushing his "miracle cure" for COVID, so he segued into overturning a legal election.', 'Unfortunately, for too many people the accusations alone are enough “evidence”.', 'I miss the days when left and right could disagree on policy, but still at least agree on basic facts and reality.', "I'd love to watch Lindell debate with Larry David. Old crazy nuts yelling at each other. Fun fireworks. 🤣", '"Trust me!" "Oh you\'re worried about poor Mike?! /s" Yep, definitely going to trust that immature asshole.', 'Lindell has "evidence" that\'s like a gun woth one bullet. Gotta use it tactically. Obviously the United media front is strong, operation ridicule in full effect', 'People who say "Trust Me" are lying.', '"Cocaine is a hell of a drug." Rick James', 'I wouldn’t trust Mike with a Pillow, I wonder if he thinks that his pillows were hacked by foreign powers. No matter how much he yells, a lie is a lie… and the damage he is doing to the country should make a precedent for a law making such deception illegal.   I STILL have yet to see them recount and verify any counties and states that Trump won… I wonder why?', 'After he got kicked out of Bed Bath and Beyond and the other stores his sales increased by 40%. FORTY PERCENT!\n\nTrump was broke and his loans were coming due. He now has over a hundred million donated to him to "fight the steal".  This is not a coincidence...its 100% a grift of the gullible.', "the fact that he always says he's a former crack addict doesn't help him lmao", '"To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead." - Thomas Paine.', '“Stay tuned, the day of reckoning will come, the record will be straight.” - Former Papa Johns CEO', '"A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot \nsurvive treason from within. An enemy at the gates is less formidable, \nfor he is known and carries his banner openly. But the traitor moves \namongst those within the gate freely, his sly whispers rustling through \nall the alleys, heard in the very halls of government itself. For the \ntraitor appears not a traitor; he speaks in accents familiar to his \nvictims, and he wears their face and their arguments, he appeals to the \nbaseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men. He rots the soul of a \nnation, he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the \npillars of the city, he infects the body politic so that it can no \nlonger resist. A murderer is less to fear. The traitor is the plague."', 'Lindell knows that all he has to do is throw the "what if" out there and all the morons and people who love conspiracys will jump onto it and run with it.', 'This man sounds like a raving lunatic! He is living in a world where up is down and down is up. I actually pity him, not much, but I pity him, because he is pathetic! If EVERYONE says that you are wrong, how can you possibly justify claiming you are right with absolutely NO PROOF! Just stop, Pillow Dude, you are embarrassing yourself and your party. 😕', "It doesn't matter what verifiable facts or evidence you present to this lunatic, he will just say it's wrong.", '"Who\'s the more foolish? The fool or the fool who follows him?"  -  Obi-Wan Kenobi', '"Uhh, excuse me, sir! Sir? I sell pillows for a living so I think I know a little more than your..."cyber experts", okay? I think I know what I\'m talking about."', 'Lmfao this is halarious. This look like a Saturday night live sketch 😭', "How did a pillow guy became a cyber expert? Is he still on drugs? I thought he was clean as he claims his pillows are. \nI would certainly never consume this guys pillows nor pillowcases, because he's a nutcase.", 'The voting machine company, no doubt, will love owning a pillow company.', 'When it feels like a segment on a comedy show but it’s real life.', 'Kinda weird how everyone in this video + most people at CNN have blue eyes 👀😳', 'This is the saddest cope of an election loss I\'ve ever seen. Can we just go to the simple times of having some "democrats/republicans crying" compilations and moving on?', 'Mike is jeanious!!  I like how he wins every argument by screaming louder and making no sense at all. “I spent Millions to investigate this and I have the proof. 100% one hundred percent!!”  This CLOWN needs to wear his big nose and color hair for these interviews to make them legit.', 'Gross how most republican officials react this same exact way 😮\u200d💨', '“I spent millions, he may in fact been scammed”', '"Stop hating each other because you disagree." Most underrated statement in this video.', 'No more italian satellites?\nSome liars should remember the high flying details of the lies when fabricating evidence.', '“Youth ages, immaturity is outgrown, ignorance can be educated, and drunkenness sobered, but stupid lasts forever” - Aristophanes', "I've been watching the presentation on frankspeech, and all of the people giving testimony seem very sincere to me.  Maybe there's something to it?  It doesn't bother me that the mainstream media mocks him.  I know they mock that which they are afraid of.  The devil loses objectivity when his prize is within sight.", '"Trust me." The grifter\'s favorite line just before they stab you in the back.', 'This man brain is in a loop! Its like a broken record that keeps jumping back to the same spot of the playing song!', "He's a former crack head. Think he picked up again?", "He seems like the crazy uncle who shows up to Thanksgiving.  Just eat your turkey, don't ask about politics, and let him leave after the pie.  Dear God help us!", '"YOU WANT PROOF? I\'LL GIVE YOU PROOF!"\n\n*gives no proof*', 'I mean Mike also could have just hand picked the "cyber experts" to just come and say what he wants them to as well. Who knows, anything is possible with this guy.', 'They should bring this guy before a judge i would like to see him go back to jail for disrupting the political system that is very dangerous .', 'HEY CNN. WHERE IS YOUR PROOF TRUMP WAS COLLUDING WITH RUSSIA??', "What about the Voter I.D.'s?  Poll workers?  Stacey Abrams like behavior?", '“Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.” ― Mark Twain', '“Quoting people doesn’t make you any smarter” -probably Gandhi', 'This man has lost his damn mind. His last brain cell was popped during his last crack pipe hit which I’m sure was 10 minutes before this interview.', "When a pathological liar is being called out by lies, they think going on an outburst and lashing out is their way of covering their allegations against them. Only thing is they don't realize they are spitting out more lies in the process. Especially a pathological liar who can't count simple numbers like 2 for 1 is especially guilty.", 'The moment when he says "Don\'t you think you might be part of a scam", and he almost puts the pieces together, then goes, "it\'s not me that\'s dumb it\'s everyone else" and reverts back to conspiracy, that should be in a psychology class', 'MyPillow Mike: "I\'ve spent millions, you need to trust me!"\nMe: "HELL NO!"', '"You NEED to trust me" = "It\'s true, BELIEVE me"', 'he\'s been sniffing that "recycled " foam chunks he puts in his pillows.', 'This guy is INSANE why isn’t he in a padded room with “nice” doctors ?  Give him some nice meds.  He is a threat to both himself and others that is the basis for  committable.', 'Mike Lyndell: "There is election fraud!".\nEveryone: "Source?".\nMike Lyndell: "Trust me brah!"\n\n😏', 'It i now clear that the CNN soldiers have decided to end up in braves by going through with the Democratic plot, knowing they were doomed to the execution post.', '“You worried about Ol’ Mike? Awwwww!” \n\nWhat an important and influential part of my Monday afternoon Youtube rabbit hole this guy is!', 'Great work see you then went to such lengths spy interviewing someone means he’s been debunked great reportingOnce again see an end to the rescue ABC et cetera et cetera', 'Why, why, why is CNN giving this guy airtime lending legitimacy to his ravings...', '"And that brings us to our other point kids. DON\'T DO CRACK. "', 'John McAffe claimes he had proof of everything in his post-death releases. We just have to see what comes out.', "There's so much evidence to Mr. Lindell's contrary!  It's like trying to convince a camel that it has a hump on it's back in a world without mirrors.", "he's just trying to strengthen the group who believe it was stolen.", "It would be really fun to ask Mike Lindell to explain, in his own words, what he thinks he's showing the reporter.", 'Says his information comes from multiple sources…all of which he found on YouTube, because HE …did his own research 💀', 'Dudes claimed how many times these rallies would have this "evidence" exposed and still hasn\'t? But you have to watch and pay for this cyber bs? He may be crazy but he knows how to money grab.', 'Tell me how stop the steal (stupidity) is a threat to democracy right after you explain how saying russia/putin gave trump the win in 2016 isn’t in the same damn accusation', 'This is good stuff! The people who believe him are much less likely to vote in the next election 😂', "Why should I trust a man with such business tactics, that he can't even ship his products in his own state? 🤦🏻", 'I can only imagine what the atmosphere is like in a MyPillow factory / store.  I wonder if a blood oath to DJT is required yet?', "I wonder when this guy is going to realize he's been scammed out of millions of dollars with no evidence lol. Keep spending your millions on Trump till you have nothing left", "They have been sawing this seed of doubt in people's minds, Republican's minds while their mind is so fertile to continue sprouting all these lies.\nShameful how they call themselves Americans!", 'There are odd moments when  you see the reporter penetrate his defence  and he conversationally rushes to put the  barricade back up .As if he momentarily glimpses the truth of the situation but having come down this road for so long  he cannot  for one second admit  to the rubbish he promotes', 'CNN has edited this significantly - they edited out many good arguments by Mike Lindell.', "I enjoy hearing both sides. Might as well check it out and see what he destroyed his brand for. Doesn't hurt to sit back and listen then deciding for myself.", '"Widespread"   so how wide were the goalposts?  Notice the key word folks....', 'If you buy one of his pillows, you will also be fantasizing like him! 😴 💤', 'Mike reminds me of a guy I was debating with when I told him he was wrong about a topic he got frustrated and said " my reality supersedes your reality". Ok argument over😌', 'How did this man removed so far from reality run such a successful business?  It’s mind boggling!', "It's crazy, in states that vote by mail how did this happen? He's crazy", "Amazing how they won't even cover the symposium. They just went after Colorado conservatives and raided their offices. You all are up for a rude awakening", 'The reporter completely annihilated my pillow guy´s claims.', 'The statement "The mypilliow CEO means just as much as the MyPillowCase CEO or the MyMattress CEO."  Why bother...', "We all need to listen to a man who makes pillows of course! I feel sorry for him. It's really sad for someone to be this deceived even when he is shown facts, his brain can't conceive it 😪", 'I wonder how CNN would spin the fact in all the swing states they kept kicking out the inspectors who were legally allowed to be there. They even had to go to court and the inspectors won that case YET they STILL kicked them out & forced some to use binoculars. Smh that should be the real story Mike goes after', 'Mike got what he wanted, a national stage with free airtime and millions people talking about him.  He will sell a lot of overpriced pillows.', 'Really gotta give props to the Drew Griffin who kept this cool through it all especially in the face of complete idiocy.', 'Lindell seems to equate "I\'ve spent millions!" with actually having proof or the truth.', 'The United States have been rigging elections since the 1940’s. So anything is possible.', 'Let’s believe the my pillow guy over judges and cyber experts 🤣 I can collect the 5 million today thanks mike lindell', 'Some people will say ANYTHING to be accepted to their version of the In crowd.', 'Lindell’s blood stream is 99% cocaine. He’s high as a kite and fried!', 'Lol we\'re supposed to believe it\'s "impossible" for decades old government systems that haven\'t been updated to have cyber security problems? You\'re INSANE!', 'Where was he when Russia was accused? Nowhere now he comes up with his own conspiracy theory because he’s a sore loser. Hypocrisy is hysterical', 'Remember: Just 3 more shopping days before I told you so.', "🤣🤣 Stop wasting millions! Give me that 5 million and I'll believe you with no questions asked.", 'Breaking News: Mike Pillow finally reveals all the evidence he has: "You need to trust me".', "My only question:  Does Anderson Cooper's glasses actually have lenses in them or not?", "I would ask Cooper is he attending the symposium. My guess is no but many experts are and there's $5mil if he can debunk it!", "'I've spent money and sent people (somewhere) to get the truth. They are finding incredible things.' Hmm, where have i heard that before?", '...\nRemember when he threw his hand across the court room\n...', "It's painful watching a man wrestle a tree and think he's winning. It's also painful to think Mike is an American of slightly above average intelligence.", 'Idk guys, I think we have to believe him. He _did_ spend _millions_ on this 🙃', 'After watching Biden talk for a few minutes anyone that doesn’t believe this election was rigged is just making fun of how stupid America is in general. If anyone believes CNN for anything it just goes to show that propaganda is a powerful tool over the dumbed down American public 🇺🇸 🐍', 'I don\'t think Mike Lindell is a "former" crack addict anymore.', "Just like everybody else is expert Witnesses if you're the one paying them they're going to give you the results that you want", "Remember when Charlie Sheen locked himself inside, peered through the closed blinds, and posted things like '#tigerblood' and '#winning'? That's where Mike Lindell's head is at these days.", 'John 14:27\nPeace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.', "I remember when CNN said 50 retired U.S. Intelligence Officers claimed the Hunter Biden laptop scandal was Russian disinformation.  Guess what?  It wasn't.", 'I can remember when anderson Cooper used to be a journalist', 'Again, if they changed the votes, all the seditious coward and liar Republicans who “won” on those ballots must step down as well', '"You need to trust me on this!" You\'ve got no proof, sure, why wouldn\'t we trust you !? LOL !', 'Look how much pillow guys blinking as he lies 😭😭', 'My mom was interested in a pillow from this guy a couple of years ago, but when I checked the reviews there were too many negatives. His pillows are BS too!', 'Sure he does. Demmies use the same strategy over and over again "wtf where did this room full of hidden ballots come from?"', 'Does "Hispillow" CEO  pay his employees a minimum of $15/hr! He\'ll file for Bankruptcy within six months.', 'Usually, the person with the facts has a calm, “I’ll show you”, demeanor. The person lying, usually shows the demeanor of a used car salesman at a lemon lot.', 'Hilarious!! For the past 4 years you (CNN) made up lies and colluded with top Democrats with false acquisitions etc… against Trump.. and? All lies… you flipping hypocrites.', '🆘The most fraudulent election in my lifetime put incompetent senile Joe Biden in the White House. So shame on all the cheaters.', 'his pillows must really work, he seems incredibly well rested in this interview', "I am having Adam Schiff flashbacks. I am still waiting for that whistleblower with all that evidence. Where is that F'er hiding.", 'Drugs have stolen Mike Lindell’s brain and are spewing words out his mouth. He works his mouth, tongue, lips and jaw like a meth or coke user. This is very dangerous to the country, since so many people fall for his drug induced b.s.', 'No reporters have ever asked him how many bumps he takes before interviews. Dude loves bugger sugar for sure.', 'Here is what is disturbing: This man has spent more to prove the "fraud" than the beneficiary  of the discovery; Trump. Think about it. Trump hasn\'t spent a DIME to uncover this.', 'I’m getting me some Giza sheets and a mypillow right now', "I trust CNN they've never been a source of misinformation.", 'To quote the late great Rick James: "Cocaine is a hell of a drug!"', 'Let’s just sit on this for a second… what if he’s right? 🤣😯', 'This dude is still smoking crack 💀 😂', "The problem with conspiracy theorists is that they become so invested in their narrative that they interpret any and all evidence that directly disproves their conspiracy as being part OF the conspiracy. There is probably nothing you could say to this guy that is going to change his mind, because he's become absolutely and irrevocably invested in his nonsense.", 'Someone made a mistake on your teleprompter. His name is clearly pronounced, "Mike Pillow."', 'Honestly it is difficult not to daydream of an out of the blue blind sided face wreck when looking at this man.', 'How is it this guy hasn’t been sued yet by the government… he is lapping this up for personal profit', 'It’s hard to believe cnn couldn’t find anyone to agree with lindell? Absolutely floors me that they asked their people that they all agreed…. Hahahaha', 'There is no way after doing as much crack as he says he has he has any brain cells.', "you bury yourself that deeply into a lie and say it often enough, you'll start to believe it.", 'My family used my pillows pillows and sheets when this came up we tossed out $1000  n pillows and sheets .', "How could he, CNN would never suggest that a foreign entity helped a candidate steal an election because they didn't like the results of it.", 'Your going to bet  your repetition on a guy who  had a fail casino 😂', 'Oh the irony of CNN asking for ‘proof’ 😂', 'He literally used "Dude, trust me" as a citation. This is normally an internet joke. He actually did it unironically lol', 'Winning the election and being certified are two different things. Biden was certified, but he wasn’t elected.', 'None of your experts look like they have any idea how to even turn a computer on 🤣🤣', 'Can we really take the word of a man that uses the word hunnert? As in hunnert percent.', 'Those chinese changed my vote from Joe to Biden', 'As a wise man once said "You can\'t have a battle of wits with an unarmed man."', 'I kind of feel sorry for Lindell. He has swapped one addiction for another. He needs help.', 'Im not saying My pillow wins the day with this story however I am saying that anyone CNN interviewed would likely or thinks they would be likely to be fired or way worse if they produced any scrap of proof of Election Fraud I do believe.', '"streaming the proof on MyPillow CEO\'s WEBSITE with a 10 minute AD of 60% off My Pillow Products" LMAOOOO HE PULLED OFF A SCAM FOR FREE ADS FOR HIS OWN PRODUCTS', 'Just let Mike Lindell release his evidence already.', 'For someone who says he’s a recovered addict, Mike licks his lips a lot.', 'The Pillow man\'s "challenge"  Fools Gold.   Something he\'ll never pay.  Someone should prove him wrong, sue him when he doesn\'t pay & then watch the legal journey of excuses that come out of his legal team basically telling the Court no one really believed nor expected him to be taken seriously.  Funny, could save about $2.00 on the electric bill turning this blowhard off the TV set instead & getting the same answer.', 'Even CNN reporters have ALL seen what really happened with the election. EVERYONE knows. DENY DENY DENY say it enough and it becomes the truth...NOT!', "What does a pillow man know for god sake he sells pillows at 3am in the morning on tv shows no one watches mother's don't let your son's grow up to be a pillow man", "We are all going to know what he has come tonight. I'm ready, are you? I won't miss you CNN.", '“This brings me to my next point, boys and girls... Don’t do crack”.', "I hope CNN's two dozen cyber experts will be at the symposium in person to try to win 5 million dollars . Lets see if Harry Hursti , J Alex Halderman ,  Richard Demillo,  Dan Wallach, David Jefferson , Barbara Simons , show up  ! I mean who can't use an extra 5 mil but  i'm pretty sure they won't", 'Love watching these ppl 😂😂😂😂 - please keep them coming', 'We all know cnn never lies right? This was a two hour interview with Lindell. Notice how they barely show any of the conversation. Same as always, cut it up and cover it up with false framing and loaded questions.', '"Fake quote by someone who I think is smart." -Important Person, Year', 'He\'s in the game as what they called in the old days ,,,a "shill"', "Why did Lancet and the New England Journal have to retract their statements on HCQ? But Trump's the liar, where's his retraction?", 'Even if it is true.. the enemies line of defense is by all means impenetrable. They had a plan and are sticking to it', 'Sounds exactly like how Monsanto hired “experts” to make Tyrone Hayes’ evidence of hormone disruption look rudimentary to make him look like a fool even though it was proven he was 1000% correct.', 'trump supporters for the last 9 months: \n"we have proof but we cant show it"\n\nit\'s like the kid on the playground who supposedly had a charizard but always "forgot" to bring it in', 'I have literally seen patients on a psych ward that seem more stable, coherent and plugged into reality than Lindell...', 'What a shock, mike just cancelled his loser-symposium.', 'Whitney spoke truth many years ago. "Crack is WACK!"', 'I’m 6:00 mins in and I’ve been cackling the whole time. This guy is a 🤡. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣\n\nAmazing that his brain generates enough power to keep his gums flapping...', "Epstein didn't kill himself, McAfee didn't kill himself. Feed the algorithm.\t💔\t|", 'I disagree with the title completely.   He has proof of his stupidity and this proof is irrefutable', '5:54. If this was done on film, there would be splice marks everywhere. Edited interview.', 'I like how he wants to sell pillows during his big "reveal."', "He's smart. Free advertising . its all about money", 'Lindell has surrouded himself with people willing to lead him down the rabbit hole, while being paid nicely each hour for their effort.\nSadly, he\'s chosen to directly call Dominion "fraudulent" and he\'s done it VERY publicly.  Dominion is going to flatten him, easily. \nLindell\'s argument now is simply this "Everybody else is wrong and we alone are right".', 'Can we request Mr Pillow to find evidence on Big Foot. I would rather see that.', 'The dead, the disappeared, the insane, the bed ridden, the demented have the right to vote democrat if someone does it for them. America is a free country.', 'It is very difficult to remain centered and calm when faced with a yelling lunatic. Amazing interviewing skill!', '100% proof that he is BS crazy.', "I will never put one of these pillows under my girlfriend's bottom as long as I live, so there!!!", 'CNN not obligated to tell the real Truth, bottom of the barrel news disinformation worthy journalism.', 'Hahaha…. CNN is deathly afraid to air Lindell’s symposium, but we are watching it without the propaganda media!', '"Someone, I don\'t know who, somewhere, I\'m not sure where, did something, I don\'t know what, somehow, no, I don\'t know how. But I\'m sure it happened."', 'What if hes right the whole time would you apologize', "It's hard to give the news, when you have your mind made up what the news going to be.", 'He is lying with a straight face! Unbelievable!! Satan will try anything to have his demon in power!', "Lindell's proof is so good that he can never show it to anyone.", '“Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.” ― Mark Twain', 'Holy shit that man is crazy. Just screams louder and louder.', 'BAHAHAHA!  Im dead.  This is so hilarious, I cant believe he is serious about this.', 'I\'m not very political, and when I am, it\'s based on My Own findings and research. That being said: I\'ve Never seen a pillow that I was like, "oh, I gotta get that for the benefit of my health." And when I have (aka microfiber pillows, cooled, shredded (with a $2000 mattress)) I\'ve been wrong %100 of the time!!', 'Unbelievable! He might as well have been talking to a child.', '*"I have proof"*\nPROOF: You need to trust me bro', 'At this point in time… if anything changes… the investigation will be about how Biden’s victory was changed! \nIt will never be about WHO WON THE ELECTION! \nThat data… those facts have been entered! \nBiden won!', 'Crackhead credo..."If you can\'t dazzle them with brilliance...baffle them with bullshit."', 'Drew: "You -"\nMike: "YOU\'RE LYING! WHERE\'S THR PROOF?"\n🙄', 'If it was “Russian Collusion” he wouldn’t need any proof.  🎤 Drop', '“I’ve spent millions, trust me!” And those people you paid were more than happy to take your money, Mike.', 'Well when you have 40 percent of folks that don’t believe reality it’s real hard to change their minds. They need mental healthcare', 'This guy is just off his rocker, I think he’s smoking the pillow stuffing😅😅😅', 'Imagine needing attention this badly…', 'his continuous interruotions and talking over shows how pathetic he is', "He has to be given an ultimatum by the supreme Court. Either he actually shows proof of fraud or he goes to prison. You can't keep going on and on like this, he's  jeopardizing our democracy. There has to be some kind of limitation.", 'He’s doing crack again', 'This guy has the most republican face and look I think I’ve ever seen😅', "I sincerely hope he's trolling for promo.", 'CNN throwing facts at him, as if this guy is living in a factual world...', 'As a friend of mine says, "He\'s got just about enough brains to pump blood"', "It's literally just lines of machine code.", '“Democracy under fire” by propaganda media that hacked Lindell’s symposium & shut it down temporarily…. WHY??? What is mainstream so afraid of Lindell exposing??? Tune in on Rumble or Right Side Broadcasting & listen for yourself', 'Then debunk it.', 'This guy doesn\'t even know what "misconstrued" means', 'Lindell also "claims" that he is no longer on crack.  😏', 'He may not have proof of the election being hacked, but he does have proof, that he\'s "certifiable."', "Trying to talk sense to Mike Lindell is like trying to get a defiant child to listen. It just won't happen.", 'Get the ammo ready, have your guns ready. Shits gonna hit the fan.', 'Bro his face when he realized he was scammed and tricked but too deep to turn back. 6:33', '"In a time of deceit, telling the Truth is a revolutionary act"   George Orwell\nBlessings of Truth to All !', 'Ha Ha, Mike doesn’t know what misconstrue means.', 'Wow . Mike Liddell payed someone who told him to keep their identity a secret for his "proof" and all he proved was that someone could spot an idiot with money .', 'Trump, Trumps family and Mike cracks me up ahahaha 😂🍿', '“Former crack addict turned pillow manufacturer becomes authoritarian political cult member”', 'at the end, as he said, "I\'ve spent millions" to check this out....   uh, Mike...you\'ve been scammed bro!', "The my pillow Guy Needs to stop smoking them Bed Bugs that's inside of his PILLOWS", "Purchased a 'MrPillow'.  Not only do I sleep 15 hours per day now, but the fumes also cured my ED.", 'Why doesn’t CNN get one of Lindells experts to explain the data against one of CNNs people so people can see why people are laughing and mocking lindell ??', 'Why can’t it be like the movies where the villain has a cool business. Why do we get a pillow dude? 🙄', '“I’ve spent millions!” All that is proof of is that you’ve been had, sir. All these “cyber experts” who have gladly taken your money but refuse to show their face and made you promise not to give their name have scammed you. Period. \n\nAll that crack he smoked all those years may have fried the part of his brain that processed logic.', 'My pillow guy is deranged.  They need to lock his lying behind up.\nI am so surprised that so many adults are ignorant to Trumps lies, Lindell I expect. He is a nut.', 'All of this would only hurt his company... why would he put out all this bad publicity if he has everything to lose.', 'Good grief this bloke is a total blustering conman of the first water. I feel for the reporter that had to put this to him as he seems utterly incapable of admitting he is wrong. Um, who does that also remind me of?', 'Guess we`ll have to wait until later today then, \nNice hit piece attempt, We will see, I will watch at Frankspeech, Why don`t CNN make a quick 5Million and show up,', "OMG! It's officially written, that as of this day, the MyPillow man is a nut.", "Never connected to the internet.  That's a crock of lies if I ever heard it", 'Well I guess we all have to watch and figure out if it’s true . . .', 'Considering u failed to cover the hunter biden laptop scandal and if the same standards were applied to most of your political stories they would not be aired eather CNN is 1 sided news I would trust gorbbels over your news network plz just go out of bissness', "I've been a recovered coke addict since 85. A recovered alcoholic since 07. I sponsor NA and AA and have for well over a decade. This man may or may not be using. That isn't for me to know or decide. This man has some resentments. This man is not habitually temperate. This man is not sober. A delusion is a told lie that is repeated so often within the self that it becomes reality. When the a person becomes incapable of introspective honesty, the truth will anger them. This is my experience. I see a deluded and sick person and it makes me sad.", 'I wish the courts would just hurry up and deal with this once and for all', 'Okay! So Dominion should be Very happy to hand over their routers for examination then. According to trustworthy CNN, they have nothing to fear 😅🤣😂', 'No such thing as a CNN "reporter".  There simply is no proof of their existence.  None!  LOL.', "Guys, he's selling pillows. I would wager that his sales are astronomical compared most right now. He knows what he is doing is wrong but it's all about the exposure. Makes one tend to wander if both he and Mr.T don't owe money to the same Soviet financial institution. I honestly would be interested in the fallout of Epstein, had he lived long enough to cut a deal with prosecutors. I'm surprised it took that long to off him.", "No matter how you feel about the guy or what he presents, you're completely smooth brained if you think Biden won the election and there was no tampering of the votes. There's been a mountain of evidence that points toward fraud (most notably and recently the AZ audit showing a lot of serious issues in the election that media claims there's nothing in. Actually listen to the presentation and you'll realize there's a lot going on). CNN can't get anything right.", 'This is  Mike Lindell\'s version of, " Trust me, I\'m like a smart person. "', "Imagine all the normal higher ups at MyPillow tearing their hair out knowing he's ruining the company's future", 'Can someone tell him I have some ocean 🌊 front properties in Kentucky for sale 😂😂😂😂😂', "Like Marjorie Taylor-Greene,\xa0Matt Gaetz, & Lauren Boebert; MyPillow's Mike Lindell is dangerously overconfident.", "Democrats keep on digging digging digging. It's the hole we're going to bury your party in for the rest of this nations existence.", '"Here\'s what we\'re worried about." Way to stand on the truth Drew! OUTSTANDING journalism!', "He's obviously back on the rock.", '“There’s no widespread fraud.” That’s correct. There was very specific and targeted fraud.', "Why only 9 experts? Huh? You couldn't go for the even 20?", "This won't be the first time that NO NEWS CNN shows how full of it they are. Right now, they ought to be more worried about all of these law suits they're getting ready to lose and pay dearly for.", 'Who told you that!?\nCounty officials\n… OH DID THEY “TELL YOU THAT?”', 'I love my pillow so much I bought two.', "God will be served. Thank you JESUS, for shedding your blood for my SIN'S, media, pay attention, Stop sining. \nYou will be judged, on earth or in heaven, trust JESUS, and search your own heart ❤, REPENT, say your sorry, he will forgive.", 'Why do they continue to give this lunatic a platform? You have evidence? Take it to court!', 'Yes, the debris in Roswell was from a crashed weather balloon.  This matter has been thoroughly investigated.  Case closed.', "I don't trust that guy, he's a nutcase. Love the interviewer, he kept his cool", 'A machine in Italy called Leonardo was operated to change the votes end of story.', 'The courts have put a gag order on any conclusions and evidence from the Arizona audits.  This was stated BEFORE the audits even began.  There is literally NO EVIDENCE that can LEGALLY be released.  Its an ongoing investigation.  To sit here and diminish the importance of a story is disingenuous.', 'This guy makes me want to buy a pillow.', 'Lindell is being scammed by the cyberninjas. 😂😂😂😂', 'When Mike said "Awwww lets give a hug! You\'re worried for Ol\' Mike?" he sounded so insane I literally expected some kind of opera music to start and him to do some horror movie psychological snap and murder everyone in the room', "Damn this guy needs some serious help. That is if it's not all a stunt. I really honestly can't figure out if he's absolutely completely insane or it really is just for publicity.", 'He sends you guys evidence & you then you say he has no evidence. Instead of actually trying to see if it is true, all you do is try to prove him wrong. It is a fact that the dominion machines can be connected to the internet….', 'Lmao this clown has lost it lol. Id rather sleep on a brick than one of his pillows lol 😂', 'Cooper rightly called him "Snake"', 'Yes we changed the votes across multiple districts and states, and yet we forgot to to pick up additional congressional seats to have an unassailable majority... This nonsense falls apart really fast doesn’t it?', 'They keep changing which foreign country interfered with the election!!', 'a crackhead selling lies nooo why would he do that lol XDXDXDXD', 'He went from crack to coke. So he believes he is coherent now', 'Mike  Lindel is crazy, he needs to be inititutionized', 'So, apparently he doesn\'t know what "misconstrued" means either 💁\u200d♂️', 'My pillows need to shut up if he wants to keep selling those uncomfortable pillows .....hypocrite', 'Mike needs to be shut down. Investigations have been done for him & his answer is still, "because Donald Trump was going to win anyway".', 'Let’s just throw shit against the wall and see what’s sticks.\n\nBest defense ever👍', 'Jimmy Kimmel already did this! Yall are late again', '“After they were tabulated they were hacked.” What does that even mean?', 'Poor Mike hit that crack pipe one too many times. He drinks from the same cup of DJT’s Kool-Aid.', "Hes an expert on pillows, maybe. That's it. He should be in jail for stupidity alone.", "When the losercan't win they why to end the game walk away and not listen to facts like children", 'So a dolt of a reporter is questioning and accusing Mike of not having info, well I guess we will see as he is releasing it this weekend. And CNN is advertising for it. Irony.....', 'This person is having a breakdown right here.', 'As long as he argues fraud  its free advertising for his company', "Whether Lindell is right, wrong, or crazy, if a cybersecurity expert says those screen captures are just metadata, they would not then say they are ridiculous.  That is unprofessional and unprofessional.  Simply, the metadata cannot be used to justify Lindell's claims.  So if the experts said it was ridiculous, they are either biased or unprofessional.  If CNN did some editorialization there, then it is a failure of professionalism.  It's one of the two without any other possibility.", 'It looks like he might actually believe his lies.... Its kinda sad', 'Never forget. Nuremburg media were sentenced to death for spreading lies.', '"I\'m going to show binary code I don\'t understand and call it proof"', "After the lawsuit he will be 'ThePillow' guy with no pillows", 'I wonder if he actually thinks these things or if he’s knowingly lying', "The pillow guy doesn't even know how hacking even works lmao", 'I’m laying on a MyPillow right now!😃', "Before I play a game, I let everyone know that I'm going to win. I tell them, if I don't win, the game is rigged. I haven't lost a game since.", 'I think Mike must have missed the 9th commandment in the bible when he became a Christian.', 'Mike is licking them lips like he’s back on that good crack again!!! 😂🤣', 'What an idiot, how did they even waste time with this interview? My goodness', "I've seen that Metadata. In the movie the matrix from 2002, look at the black cat in the code. Lmfaooooo what a joke", 'How about all those claims about his pillows?', "It's startling how many people believe there wasn't voter fraud... Hard part has been proving the fraud as Maricopa county is not cooperating with the subpoenas", 'Post the full interview instead of cutting it short.', 'Notice how anyone who says there was no fraud ALWAYS precedes it with the word "widespread". Every. Single. Time.  The truth is that the fraud did not have to be widespread for it to change the results... it was targeted fraud.', 'He is passionate, because he has successfully convinced himself the grift is real. 🙃', 'Imagine working for this guy', "It's My Pillow, I'll drool on it if I want to", 'Yeah, and Xiden got over 80 million votes, more then Obummer, haha!', 'The real issue here is thinking CNN would ever follow up on a real story', "Look at Arizona fraud, I wouldn't be amazed if it did happen to be honest", 'Mar-a-Lago is the next Jonestown', "CNN is running scared cuz they know what's coming and trying to discredit Mike lindell when they have no credit themselves it's laughable and good entertainment CNN.", "He's definitely a cucumber short of a cucumber sandwich...🤪", 'Cuomo brother scandal and CNN silence', 'ML also gave money to that murderer in Wisconsin.', 'This dude was hitting the crack pipe so hard his dealers took him to rehab.\n\n\n\n\nI’m not joking.', 'CNN be like, we consulted all jew security experts.', "😂😂 Mike ain't going to to give away 5 million Dollars.😂😂", 'Something fishy about the Mike is he supposedly got hundreds of millions or billions of views on his website when it first opened... that does not happen without help. He then goes on ultra left leaning comedy shows and laughs it up with lefties?\n\nUM HELLO?!??', "He's in it for the money.  Him claiming he'll have discounts on his MyPillow products throughout his livestream says it all", 'Funny how the evidence has been presented in AZ audit.  Just a smear to hide the truth.', 'I would have liked to hear his direct answer to the video of the woman showing the hand votes and the fact that they were never connected to the internet.', 'Mostly peaceful interview', "Mike Linell must be hiding something.  He's guilty of something bad.", 'By his own words, two years of research and development to develop the "My Pillow" pillow. Two years to figure out how to cut foam rubber into strips and stuff it into a cloth bag. It escapes me how M.I.T. hasn\'t snatched this guy up and made him a full professor. \nLindell should be the poster child for the "why do you think its called dope" campaign.', 'He has a POTUS potential', '"You can\'t fix stupid" -Ron White', 'There are two types of stupid people: Those who know it and try to improve themselves by learning from intelligent people. And then there are those like Donald Trump and Mike Lindell who are willingly stupid and even proud of it, pretending to be smart when all they do is making a situation worse and spreading falsehoods. Needless to say, that group is truly dangerous, because they lead other people astray.', "His mind is gone from all that crack smoke back in the  day  People don't know he was a crackhead before", 'He\'ll be the "Biting MyPillow" guy soon enough if he keeps up this stupidity.🤣', 'Just thought I would come here to see how the Cuomos were doing. Not too well I would imagine. \n\nHow many Marxists does it take to hide a scandal?\n\nMore than you’ve got Mr. Vanderbilt. Much much more than you’ve got.', '“Contacted by CNN”.   Next.', "The election was hacked!!! I've got proof! \n Source: Trust me bro!", '"We should give a hug; are you worried about ole Mike, oh God bless you." What a theological hypocrite!', 'Lindell would be the perfect spokesperson for new PSA s " just say no to drugs "   .', "Mike is completely brainwashed and/or out of his mind.  I'm going with out of his mind!", 'My Lumpy Pillow Guy still beating a dead horse with his BS.', 'lol This is hilarious', 'Mike Lindell should be in prison. This has gone on long enough.', 'I enjoy coming back to moments like these; Feels like they are panicking and will not accept the fact that they are all wrong.', 'Never argue with fools or fanatics; Mike Lindell is both.', "If they weren't connected to the internet, why do they have IP addresses in their timestamps?", "This is pure comedy. I think an alien parasite has hijacked Mike Lindell's brain! lol", 'Warning My Pillow Users! Pillow use apparently causes brain damage. 😂', 'These shameless grifters are laughing all the way to the bank.', 'CNNs Experts were all hand picked by CNN… And they all agree there is no proof.  That fact alone proves to me that Lindell is telling the truth.', "Maybe Anderson should do some research, the evidence is in the lawsuit. Lindel's paperwork has the data packets. What will CNN do when he wins the lawsuit.", 'I have never and never will buy a my pillow or anything that guy tries to sell.', 'I trust him, as far as I can throw him...... What an idiot.', "Somebody's fleecing Mike, there are people telling him what he wants to hear and charging him millions for it.", 'This dude is back on the pookie. 🤣', "Jimbo, remember Julian Assange was accused for hacking into the DNC in 2016? Why wasn't it reported in December 16, 2015 someone accessed Hillary for America's voter rolls from Bernie Sanders campaign, and a supervisor from Sanders campaign was fired or let go? Is it possible Seth Rich accessed the page and uploaded all the emails and other information? Why wasn't that ever reported on CNN?", 'Fascists really suck. I’ve excluded every one that I can - out of my life, including military buddies and family members.', "He doesn't even use misconstrued in the right context.", 'Aliens actually took Lindell away in their space ship. They brought him back and one of the aliens reportedly said " We don\'t want this dude ...he\'s bat sh*t crazy".', 'I like how as he shows evidence, CNN simply says its not evidence. Case closed I guess.', "'What'  or 'Who' is protecting this guy from the white-coat and butterfly-net battalion? ???\nInquiring minds want to know.", "Mypillow CEO isn't getting good sleep. Probably needs a new pillow.", 'I’ll take Extreme Marketing Tactics for $500 Alex.', '“Cocaine is a hell of a drug” - Rick James', 'who do you blame here, a madman or cnn giving him the platform to  be crazy', "Why did the voting stations kick out every inspector in every swing state out?? The fact the inspectors had to go to court on that says something! Legit voting stations wouldn't be kicking out inspectors making them use binoculars to watch it.", "isn't it more dangerous if some foreign country interfere with our election ?", 'I’m dying! 🤣', 'if someone talks likes this, we usually say "oh that\'s so cool, okay Grandpa, let\'s get dinner finished now.."', "I'd also like to see Hunter Biden's proof his art is worth anything ? But we know CNN is bully hatful news against anyone on the right. Hope your ratings continue to plummet !!!", 'I like how CNN used completely bias experts. 🤣', 'Well now I know which pillow I’m not buying!', 'He also believes he’s invisible when no one is looking at him.', '“…cocain’s a hell of a drug.”', "Reportedly Las Vegas bookies are taking bets on how much longer CNN remains on the air.  No viewers means no sponsor $$ bucks and the bills keep piling up.  As to Mike Lindell. He's in complete compliance with the free speech 1st Amendment.  I may not agree with his thoughts but I will defend to the death his right to say them etc. Was I tired of his pillow commercials?  Absolutely.", 'Its hard to have something when its all been erased. You are a bunch of commies see you on the field of glory!', 'China now. What happened to Italy. What a Maroon. What A Republican Party Maroons.', 'Carnival barkers and scammers.  Hope he loses his civil case and bankrupts his businesses', 'Who told you that?\nThe county officals.\nOh, did they "tell you that"?\n\nWhat an absolute clown... 😂', 'My observations tell me this guy is still doing coke.', 'It\'s not freedom of speech to proclaim "fire!" in a crowded theater.  Nor should equivalents be allowed by the media without regard, which is essentially aiding and abetting claims well established as lies.  Being ignorant of the facts is akin to being ignorant of the law which we all know does not make a sound defense in the courts.  Mike Lindell belongs in jail.', 'Let’s see what he’s got. Let it play out.', "CNN keeps on saying that the voting machines were not connected to the internet. That's amazing. How on earth can people lie that way?", '"To argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason, and whose philosophy consists in holding humanity in contempt, is like administering medicine to the dead." - Thomas Paine', 'This a hole just needs to go away! STOP!!! He lost get over it! Move on! The rest of the nation has!!', "CNN, denial: it's a river in Egypt. Engage critical thinking; pull head out of sand. Then, tell the truth.", 'The grainy BigFoot footage is more credible than anything this guy has ever said', 'Back in the days they did know the difference between facts and emotions. It does seem to being forgotten these days.', 'Just because someone says there is no proof, without proof, does prove anything. When someone says they have proof, and can show that proof, exactly is proof. If every news media censors that proof, well than, the only way you will see the proof is to go to his symposium to see for yourself. Even if you voted for Biden, this should concern you.', 'Mike needs to stop the silliness and sell crying pillows.', 'Funny how they talk trash on Mike yet all day today his website has been hacked 😅', 'everyone here slamming Mike Lindell, why not take him up on his $5 million bet and run with the money??', 'It’s basically like discussing evolution with a creationist; no matter how much good evidence you bring forth to debunk them, they’ll still believe their preferred fantasy.', 'Trump was flipping someone off at 38/8:39 😂', 'He gave up drugs and got on glue .', '"It is, of course, complete nonsense."\n\nHey, journalism, maybe let me decide that for myself eh?\n\nI am admittedly barely educated on this topic aside from word of mouth, and I came to CNN first to gather facts, before moving onto your "competitors".  \n\nIt\'s like rolling up to a big-box store, and having the host call me an idiot if I don\'t buy what they\'re selling instead of going to the other guys\'.  Do better.\n\nThen again I guess when there\'s this much money involved, it\'s hard not to be Coke v. Pepsi😔', 'This is what being in a cult looks like....', 'He loves his pillows so much they give him weird election fraud dreams. Delusional Pillows working in his head.', 'Looks like Mike might have slipped back into old bad habits,  sniff sniff', '"Cocaines helll of a drug"\nRick James', 'I hope everyone who has taken the time to disprove his claims takes his ass to court over the $5 million payout(s).', '"Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience." – Mark Twain -', 'GREAT PRODUCTS!!! Go gettem, Mike!', "The man says hes an expert in all this yet he can't even make a pillow decent enough to hold your head.", 'Mfw proof when the fbi has court documents and manicopa county election results.', '"My information comes from multiple sources, all of them secret" \nEvery CON man ever', '👒 🎩  off to the my pillow trools, you got Mike 👍', 'Never argue with an idiot. They will reduce you to their level and beat you with experience.', 'WHERE can I apply to work in the Mike Lindell group about elections? I need free money', "Throw Mike's bombshell evidence and a bunch of co-conspirating news outlets and anchors and come up with YOUR FOCKED!", "I don't know how they can live with themselves ignoring right from wrong.", 'Mike this is a safe place. We care about yOu. CNN intervention.', 'He’s a hero', 'and yet they wont take on his challenege ir even show up', "Y'all are too confident in mainstream media. Do you honestly believe that there's no corruption within politics and the mainstream media? CNN has already been busted out for publishing fake news against trump. Lol you're in for a rude awakening.", 'When you are brainwashed the truth is far from you!', "I had a Mammogram today Deminon machine was used hope my breast don't get switched 🧐🤔", 'Ownership Caste CIA stooges. Meanwhile, quicksand from the imploding Russiagate story has formed a black hole swallowing the network.', 'Who wins 2 out 3 Standard IQ tests (real ones):  Lindell vs Rudy vs Orange Chump ??', 'All i have to say, is, looks like heres your shot at 5,000,000. Go get it.', 'Delusional Mike the rubber pillow guy....this guy will end up just like Rudy Giuliani, ignored by Trump and flat broke.', 'mike is doing gods work', '"Insert abstract quote here"\n- Somebody you maybe vaguely recall hearing about in school that one time', 'Lindell has definitely relapsed.', 'It\'s funny they say false claims and you have the proof to support election fraud. The other side has no proof that there was not voter fraud. Hypocrisy at its finest. Who to say these so called " experts" are not afraid of repercussions or being canceled by social media.', 'The facts are conservatives had to listen to the Russian collusion lie for 3 and a half year.. spending 35 million dollars on 19 Democrat donating lawsters.. and now biden steals an election and you want conservatives to just say never mind.. really?', 'How is Lindell not in jail for this kind of stunt?', 'ML shook his head "No" when first answering to "And you have the evidence?", then caught himself and repeated his answer while nodding his head for "yes". Classic body language fail of a liar. 🤣', 'The Devil is the great deceiver.  May the creator of all souls be with the innocent.', 'Mike Lindell is  clearly  Trump\'s  "Liar  in Chief ". about the election  results.', "@ 0:38 is Trump surreptitiously  giving Lindell the  finger as he  runs his middle finger over the top of his eyebrow??\nIt's amazing what Lindell  will do to get attention in hopes of saving his business.", 'Lol the attempt at intimidation', 'Anyone who has friends or family that was addicted to meth can see a lot of similarities in my pillows guy personality and the way he\'s "never wrong" and is incredibly defensive. Meth changes people forever even after recovery. Terrible drug.', 'CNN preaching to others about not having proof of a claim oh gosh the irony is painful 🤣😭😂', 'Before and after the 2016 election CNN, MSNBC and other (News) organizations claimed that voting machines were easily hacked....', "If he's on CNN they're on the same team?", 'When you mix crack and meth...reality becomes a myth!', '"I\'ve got proof that I can never show about things I don\'t comprehend"', 'The perfect gas nally promise because salary pathophysiologically trap without a scintillating tractor. chubby, best temper', 'Is this CNN or a skit off the Daily Show🤣🤣', 'This is all so predictable. Since CNN and viewers can’t refute any of Mike Lindell’s premises. All they have left , is the personal attack.', "I'm getting a new pillow thats not from mypillow. The guy doesn't deserve to be rich.", "If y'all need a laugh, head over to David Pakman and check out that interview. \nDavid deserves an honorary emmy for that performance.", "He makes a great pillow, which I bought, and I voted for Trump but I don't buy the idea that the election was stolen.", 'I remember a time not too long ago when Trump colluded with Russia to win the election when there was no evidence of that... In fact the evidence was written by a foreign national interviewing Russian spies the steel dossier was basically written by Russian intelligence to make Donald Trump look bad', '"well you didn\'t hire a cyber expert"\n\nNeither did you mike, you hired someone who was happy to take your money and dazzle you with things which you don\'t understand 🤭\n\nI\'m pretty sure if someone told Mike that the machines aren\'t on the internet it wouldn\'t resonate with him at all as he doesn\'t understand what a network is.', 'Why do YOU give this crazy person a voice at all?', 'When mypillow was asked, "Are they lying?".  His answer was, "They were misconstrued.".', 'They do not even need to hack the vote, oligarchs control both the RNC and DNC, and they choose who you are choosing between. They are fine with either because they control both.', 'Stay off the crack everybody!!!!', 'Funny how they say it wasnt fraud but yet biden said it himself smh', "I'd like to be one of this guy's advisors and charge him millions for telling him whatever he wants to hear", 'I think poor Mike may have incurred some damage during his years on the pipe.  I almost feel sorry for him.', 'The man needs help to bad he has no one around him who cares enough', "After 4 years of the Russian collusion horseshit, you don't get to say anything.", 'I’m so sick of hearing about this nonsense. I hope these people get what’s coming to them.', 'Actually CNN is present at Lindells symposium!! Not to report, but to “gotcha news”…. Lol… pathetic!', 'Why is it when I see this guy: Strait jacket and padded room comes to mind?', "Almost got rid of me Jimbo! Jimbo, what is antibody dependent enhancement and what causes that? Not the covid 19 vaccines? What is graphene oxide and what happens to graphen oxide when exposed to 5G? Why is artificial intelligence in vaccines Jimbo? Has CNN reported any of this? Who the old actor vaccinated on Youtube and why did the shot the vaccine on the floor and not in his arm? Did CNN report any of this? No election fraud or foreign interference and Mike Lindell's is the problem exposing the truth?", "Yeah, let's all listen to Discount Paul Bearer", 'Except the built in wireless modems and the algorithms that show that next to impossible that it disnt happen.. Then they beep the app. Lol after editing.. Doing everything in this world atm for this not to surface.. But its alittle to late..it will come out now', 'Lol all CNN reporters and Investigators anymore it goes both ways there’s a conflict of interest', 'Mike Lindell needs help big time!  At this rate, his company is likely to go under as they are bleeding $$$.  If any of his family care for him they need to get him under control!  Its not even funny, its quite sad.', 'The my pillow guy  may have relapsed.', 'Seriously....dude is useless as his pillows..we threw them out😂😜😂😜', 'We love Mike.', 'Enough of the "pillow guy"', 'Be interesting to see who collects 5 mill for proving him wrong !', 'They should use this video for kids and teach them “drugs are bad for you”', 'Let me get this right...pilllow man figured out what no one else could about election fraud. What a joke 😂😂😂', 'Thank God the truth is coming out.  Thank you  Mike Lindell.', 'America has such a anti-China hysteria, that if you said China did it, at least 1/3 will automatically believe you and 1/3 will not take much convincing.', 'Come on now, Mike—you’re going to end up giving coke fiends as a whole a bad rap.', 'The sand in the hour glass is about to run out .\nCheaters arent winners .', 'I love this country, you can lie to 4 billion people without any legal consequences', 'He spent 12.99 for this public information 🤣🤣😹', 'CNN YOUR RATINGS ARE CRASHING AND YOU DESERVE IT!!', 'All I’m going to say is I see why My Pillow and -45 are friends 😵\u200d💫', 'Cyber experts  = white and aging ppl, Perrfect!', 'Yes he has the proof, liberals don’t listen to the proof.', 'For all the smart people here thinking that Lindell has no proof you are welcome to go to the Symposium he is holding showing the proof and offering $5 million reward for anybody that can proof that what he has is shit. I guess he is either stupid or he really has something. So wait and see.', 'even CNN had proof Dominion could be hacked years ago.', '"This is your brain on drugs" Any questions...', "His claims threaten democracy? But somehow 4 yrs of witch-hunts and claiming Trump was an illegitimate president never threatened this same democracy? No wonder you're ratings are in the tank! So blinded by hated that you ignore facts that even Biden could understand!", 'Loving the Kool Aid fanatics.', "Is this same factors that said that the carona virus didn't come from the lab?", "Why I don't do politics.. I'll talk about how I may feel but I don't get into it", 'He’s so dismissive when he’s confronted with facts.', 'I’m starting to think this guy may be right🤷\u200d♂️\nWhy don’t they just challenge him and will the 5 million dollar bet?\nIf they’re right it’s an easy 5 million bucks m, if they are wrong then they’ll just be wrong like every other thing they rant about.... let’s not forget Russia Russia Russia', 'Hey CNN! Just want to remind you  about your ratings dropping a whopping 68%. Ouch!', 'This is his “manbearpig”', 'Ohhhh shit HE IS BACK ON CRACK !', 'Lindell’s “evidence” of voter fraud is tantamount to pointing to the night skies and saying, “See? There’s your proof that aliens exist.” \n\nI’ve also noticed that he’s become more combative and aggressive in his arguments and adopted the Trumpian bully tactics. It’s quite possible he’s having residual side effects from his meth/cocaine addiction years.', 'Zees... This guy should be in therapy if anyway it could be beneficial.', 'Thank you America for being the worlds comical relief. You have given us so much and you keep giving. I was a little bit worried when Trump lost, but he came thru, just like the MyPillow guy. Can\'t wait until Fox starts promoting flat earth. I really want to see Carlson with an angry face borderline screaming saying "the world is flat and the Democrats are hiding the truth". Lets be honest, you gotta love Carlson\'s energy, he can make the rising sun a democrat conspiracy. Just imagine him doing that. Great right? \n\nOn a serious note, Lindell has been claiming to have proof for over 6 months now. Nothing has ever been presented and he keeps pushing the presentation of the proof backwards. I did find it a little bit sad for him when tried to defuse the situation but got slapped even harder when he smilingly said "ow you want to look out for o\'ll Mike". Mike\'s reaction to Drew Griffin and how Mike literally became smaller was like watching a bully getting bullied and almost starts to cry. It gave me feelings of satisfaction laced with sympathy.', 'CNN is concerned about the confidence level of Americans in our election systems????? So that\'s why they stayed away from the "Russia Collusion Hoax" story. LOL!', 'So sad that his claims fooled so many people', 'Reminds me of that old Wendy\'s  commercial where a little old lady looks under the Hamburger bun and says "Where\'s  the beef ? "', "Good grief, the man's brains are mashed up, it would be sad, if he wasn't such a bona fida sycophantic fan of trump 😠", 'Man, he had this " so called EVIDENCE for months" why the fuck have over 60 + more court cases have been dismissed; now it\'s to the point when judge\'s are frustrated and now making them pay for false cases!!!! When will they learn???this is just sad at this point!!!', 'Lotsa "air quotes" OH DID THEY TOM!? DID THEY!? Yes Mike... we went there ourselves Oh did you!? Did you "GO THERE?!" Dudes nuttier than squirrel turds', 'My mother always said "Every FOX gets caught in their own holes!"', '...When you believe in a lie so whole heartedly that you believe in lie after lie that supports the mother lie...\n\nWhat this country needs more than ever is logical, rational, and critical thinking. This is perhaps what Ronald Reagan 40 years ago waged a war on drugs for! .. to save us from our own adicts.. from our own stupidity.', 'America, where every weirdo can become anything he want', 'I will love to hear him backing out of the million dollar offer for anyone who can prove him wrong... what a foolish person...', 'People need to yell at these liars! Mike - cruz- trump. And all the others too!', 'Anderson: Ahh. "Trust him!" Love it.'], ['So, he lives 220 miles from his "office" of record?  Seems legit...', 'Why people just can’t have a Good God Gut feeling that it’s no... not... ever especially after hearing everything the BG had to say about the 💉💉💉???', 'Thousands more truthtellers. He is the only one you know of', 'This is why we, people, need organizations such as CNN to counter misinformation with facts. \nCNN. All news. All the time. \nPlease deposit check. Frank has account info. 😎', 'Congrats, Americans.... my condolences. 😣', 'Its all about THE GRIFT!!!!!!', 'The giant advertisement of Mercola in the lobby kinda hints what this is all about. Publicity = cash', 'How can cnn say misinformation when they have spread misinformation from the beginning.', 'It would take a thousand trolls to be a fraction of a man of this good Dr.', 'And the goatles calling others sheeple, loved these false prophets. Followers going to follow.', "You always keep your guns just in case it's not misinformation.", 'So Mr. Potato head is the leader on bad information? Dang who’s next? Buzz lighter storming the capital on 1/6 ? SMH.', "Unless it's negatively impacting their bottom lines, _social media giants- won't touch it....", 'Riding his bike... on the sidewalk... against traffic... be more "that guy"', 'You guys are the Queen of Hearts:  "ALL ways are MY ways."  It\'s good to know that there is only ONE way to maintain health.  No misinformation here.', 'The coronavirus has mutated into an IQ test.', 'Kevin Jenkins was on that one debate show on YouTube where they debate controversial issues. He was against the vaccine', 'When someone find a solution gets kill or drop  quickly Iike dr sebi', 'Obvious that he pulled the site down to protect himself from a class action lawsuit.', 'Yes, yes he’s in Florida', 'I hope all these cnn reporters get their booster shots!', "darwini's theory being proven in real time", 'Darwin thought he was studying "lower animals" when he formulated his ground-breaking ideas, but covid is showing that the objects of his work were at least one tier up from the basement!', '⚠️CDC SHIELDING APPROACH⚠️', 'Never trust somebody with that accent. We slap them over their head back in the 1700s.', "25 years worth of self-aggrandizing disinfo, you're done son", 'MSM is the misinformation.  👿 bull💩', 'Some people especially internet YouTubers claiming about anything without proof and trials and make money and lots of it.Finally hopefully it will stop.', 'Of course his office is in my hometown. 🤦\u200d♀️', 'Could this behavior be "manslaughter?"  I\'d like to be on those juries.', 'Mockingbird learn the term and where it came from!', '#AnswerCDC @CDCDirector What is the definition of safe?', 'Not misinformed, disinformation', 'So why did utube put him in my feed? Oh right the algorithm', 'Imagine if Dr. Mercola tracked down this CNN reporter at her home and then tried to ambush her as she tried to have a bike ride.  Not only would she not be willing to give an interview, she would be calling the police and have him charged with assault.', 'I am visualizing the Nuremberg trials. All involved should be tried and sentenced.', 'A person cooper worked for the cia.... that says a lot about him... that is not something I would be proud of....', "I wonder how many of his followers and patients have contracted or died of covid19 and it's new variants?  I wonder if he even bothered to find out?", "then you got me, if that's what your intention was. otherwise I'lll stick with the researchers that I trust and you do the same.", 'Trust the experts--always', "You could argue it was unproven on a large scale before but how could you say it's unproven now with actual success in real time?", 'Lies on top of Lies', 'Ooooh the IRONY! CNN doing a hit piece on exposing disinformation when CNN is the epitome of disinfo purveyors on the planet. CiaNewsNetwork.  If you are a person who does not do your own vetting but instead relies solely on TV (MSM) then you deserve to be misinformed by the likes of CNN. Sad that so many good people actually live with trusting the TV version of reality.', "I just became fully vaccinated last Wednesday .. best decision I've ever made, my vaccination card is proudly in a new holder.\n... the entire process was a breeze.", "So if you have HIV and you have unprotected sex you can be charged with murder if it turns out to be that.if he spreads misinformation and people can cite where they receive their information, and he causes death or injury, can't he be sued for that also?I know free speech and all of that, but free speech ends when the speech that you engage in causes damage or death", "LMAO - oh CNN. It's not like you don't spread misinformation along with other big media. I get it, you guys have to herd your sheeps and make sure they listen to your manipulation.", "He doesn't work here!   Says the lady standing on a welcome mat with the name MERCOLA on it.", 'Misinformation who decides what that is, you did a great job of covering up origins for a year', 'lol his book is number one for a reason, did CNN think about that for a moment.  dr Mercola has helped so many people.     when people with different viewpoints from mainstream media, these ideas is based on talking with actual doctors who are having success with treating covid 19 in the field. When someone  like dr mercola cant relay those findings without having someone physically get up in his face and demand a one sided interview there is something wrong.  there are alternative treatments having positive results treating covid 19 (anything that can be done to keep people out of the hospital should be explored not censored) just cause the drug companies want to make their billions treating this,. we are in serious trouble.  Criminal charges will be brought at some point I hope for the suppression of health information on inexpensive things that were working for covid but have been suppressed.   Its really annoying when drug companies with their super expensive products try to attack very inexpensive vitamins like vitamin c as some sort of scam.  whats the scam  10 bucks worth of vitamin c or your drug companies 2000 buck a month drug with far less clinical trials and less impressive results then vitamin c', "Staff at his office confirmed he's normally not all there.", "I guess that part of Florida has more than it's share of reptiles!", '6:33 🤣🤣 Meanwhile he looks d3ad already 🤦🏽\u200d♂️', 'One sister Got intoxicated by her oncologist, he only said Opps! She got intoxicated we need to untoxicated never seem any just got worse, the other sister who also was diagnosed by this same oncologist with different type of cancer she denied to treatment because she seeing the mistake they did with her sister. The answer was if I going to died from this cancer” I prefer to die for it; not by intoxicated treatment! God bless her that she choose what her heart roll her” she got heal with just natural medicine. Examples like this may you wonder who to believe it!', 'The FDA is already after him as of July 21.\nGood.', 'An osteopath knows what about vaccines.', 'Hosea 4:6 - My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge! God help this country!', "Damn. He's in pretty good shape for his age!", "This isn't Mercola's first rodeo, he has been doing this type of misinformation stuff for decades.", 'The hardest part of med school is getting in.', 'i do my best to help ppl. lives, then there are these types of ppl. The world is a funny place.', "He looks like Stephen Miller maybes it's the water.", 'I bet he got vaccinated the day it came out.', 'the most amazing thing about people who believe in natural remedies and that man made technologies are the worst things in the world is that these people live for being on all of the man made technologies that they can get their hands on, whether it is books, smartphones, cars, houses, clothes... anyone else seeing the hypocrisy as i started to list off things?', 'He doesn’t want to lose his medical license', "So he is an osteopathic doctor, that's why.", 'So , there is a vacation report? That is absolutely evil a I say the lord will never accept', 'The issue of vaccine effectiveness may have been a question a year ago but now after 100s of millions have received two dose, you see hospitals full of unvaccinated people.  99% so why are anti vaxxers still insisting the vaccine in faulty? What cures are they proposing?  Is there any proof alternative cures work?  NO.  Sure you can not trust big pharma for good reason but in this case, there is zero upside for them to put out a faulty vaccine.  You can now correlate covid death with vaccinations and there is no contest. Vaccines are incredibly effective.  Track anti vax claims and at the bottom you see people trying to sell alternative cures or simply drive traffic to their websites.  In January, The Economist reported a study of 18,000 anti vax publisizers and found 80% had an economic incentive.  No it’s NOT  a matter of letting people make up their own minds because they are not equipped to understand what they are deciding. Do passengers determine the safety of an aircraft before they board? No they let experts do that job. 1000s of them are required to ensure safety and none have thej education and dedication of epidemiologist who tell us to get vaccinated. So please listen.', 'Whats does he need14 accounts for? Drive the traffic drive the clicks drive the dollars for that mansion hes got in FL.', 'All We the People know is the truth is not found on any Main Stream media platform.', 'Never trust a doctor who rides a bike with out a helmet.', "In order to determine the best course of action in any situation, you've got to use all the resources available to you, including your own common sense and reason, true expert advice, and the experience of those you trust", 'As soon as I heard he was from Florida I was not surprised. Maybe he should have his medical license removed.', 'You do realize theres people who will not get the vaccine and theres nothing you can do about it.', 'So CNN is saying vaccines are good and vitamins are bad? Don;t question or consider vaccines, and vitamins are misinformation. Great.', 'Next thing you know, he’s fully vaccinated 😬', "Where did CNN's Covid-19 fatality counter go?", '3:12 I also encourage every person to fully educate themselves how to countersue a corporation,  how to fly a transcontinental airliner, now to lay a foundation for their house … who needs experts when you have 𝓣𝓱𝓮 𝓘𝓷𝓽𝓮𝓻𝓷𝓮𝓽, amirite?', 'Lock him up. What is the DOJ waiting for.', 'Ha about eight months ago the VP said if there was a Covid vaccination and Trump came up with it she would not get it absolutely no…', 'Everything the doctor sed was true', '"CNN tracks down a super-spreader of Covid-19 misinformation"   So CNN tracked down itself.', 'This should be an ex doctor.', 'Why we need to know more why and what does he know? What are his colleagues saying about him??? is he an OUTCAST? can he still practice medicine??? WHAT?', 'Shut him down. A person who is confident in their facts being based on solid evidence, seeks out opportunities to engage their critics to bring light to their arguments. They don’t flee on a bicycle.', 'What a coward!', 'When are we going to get over the compulsion to let everyone say anything they want regardless of it’s demonstrable falseness?', 'But he’s a doctor. We’re supposed to listen to them.', 'Social media should stop all this misinformation and the people are letting him sale books of misinformation', 'I am so happy to see Dr Mercola outed as a quack.  A couple of years ago I advised a friend that was a follower of Mercola that the man was not who he thought he was, was instead one of these doctors that tries to make millions by selling products to gullible followers. I hope the same thing happens to a certain cardiac surgeon who claims to be an expert on diet and sells products over the internet!', 'Fox News thought this list was secret.🤣😅😅🤣😅🤣', 'The biggest spreader of misinformation in the world CNN is lecturing about other peoples supposed misinformation. Thats rich, LOL.', 'Follow the money…', 'Who made gollum a doctor?', 'We got a lot of those: Greene, Gaetz, Desantis, Tucker Carlson, etc.', 'Great advertisement for Trek Bikes. :/', 'Typical Keyboard Warrior. Brave online, total 🐶 offline', 'CNN is the new police??', 'Where did this guy get his education as a Doctor????', "Hahahaa CNN you are something special. Can't hide the truth from all.", 'Are you telling me he said something that wasn’t true?', 'CNN accusing someone else of disinformation? ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha please, stop! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  ha', 'dear god , please god, let this work…. thank you ahead of time….|', 'is Mercola an immunologist?', 'Please explain to me in plain English how this “doctah” still has his credentials not stripped?', 'Sounds like the pot calling the kettle black!', 'What a joke CNN should be asking themselves the same question. Not a real journalist anywhere to be seen on CNN.', 'As much as I abhor this guy, I also abhor ambush journalism. Jeez', 'Osteopathic? So a spiritualist chiropractic healer? So surprising.', "I think its interesting that he's been so censored that when he is allowed to speak at length with the largest news organization in the world, he bikes away and does not want to book a sit down interview to share this vital information. Curious...", "Shouldn't he lose his license to practice?", 'In the video at 03:23 Dr. Mercola states...."...masks may not work..." Doesn\'y the same logic apply with condoms and getting someone pregnant? Seriously, with this logic what is the point of wearing a condom...they might not prevent STDs...I don\'t understand the logic with such a statement?!', 'SHOW TRUE NUMBERS OF DEATH AND SIDE EFFECTS FROM THE JAM THEN!!! QUIT HIDDING THE FACTS!! DOES CNN FEEL BAD FOR THE PEOPLE THAT DIES OR REAL SICK FROM GETTING THE JAB??? 2 SIDED TO ME', 'So long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those who wish to tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent, and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.”', 'even the MDs in florida are.. florida. 🥺', 'Nazi America in action! I think CNN needs to start reading medical papers!', 'Leave that man ALONE!!!!!', 'Outspoken until spoken to, typical', "If these 12 individuals are responsible for most of this, then THEY should be held accountable, or cancelled if you will. Instead of 'cancelling' every single individual on social media who is spreading the disinformation, start with these 2 - the source.  After that, if others decide to propagate it, then hold them accountable.  I think its the best way, and it also addresses the concern of what 'cancel culture' is becoming (or at least what some are making it all about).", 'Why would anybody want to speak to CnN?', 'When are Americans going to wake up.', "It's funny people who are not doctor's telling doctor's they are spreading misinformation. Unbelievable.", 'Rude journalist. Wag the Dog. Health Freedom! Herbalist here!!  Some People Have Adverse Reactions to vaccines.', 'I can tell you right where he is. How much will you pay?', 'I bet you he took the vaccine long time. These people.', 'What about Robert Malone? Byram Bridle? Luc Montaigner? Mike Yeadon? Peter McCullough? Are they ALL crazy? With no interest at all?', 'He’s not responding because you are obviously trying to make him look bad. Why defend yourself when this is the situation, you’d just twist his words. He’s right... DO YOUR RESEARCH!  A lot of big people don’t want him to be right... do they - what if he is', 'Lots of people just like to be the center of attention, starts in childhood.', 'Masks are kabuki theater and do nothing to stop spread..', "Oh he is spineless. Got nothing to say now have you boyo. He is making something out of this. He has broken his hypocratic oath. Why can't he be prosecuted by the families of people who took his advice.", 'Everything he is saying is true', '"Blood sweat & tears"\n\nWrong bodily fluids. Snot, piss and shit.', 'the only ones spreading misinformation about covid is you people.', "I haven't heard of any of these people.  All the information I've received is from local new reports of people who took the vaccine and died hours later.", 'Who did they find, Fauchi!!!', 'Oh i forgot , fear mongers !', '"Well over 350 million Americans have been vaccinated."\n- Joe biden', 'CNN misrepresent most information.', "Of course the vaccine has been fast-tracked; it takes about 10 years for a new medication to go through clinical trials, and that's if all the stages pass without a problem. This was an emergency. There wasn't time for trials.", 'Why is the person trying to interview Merocla not wearing mask 😐', 'An osteopath giving misinformation about a topic he knows nothing about. He is not a immunologist nor a microbiologist. Looking at the size of his bike and riding posture, I guess he also knows nothing about the spine and musculature of the human body. Another quack posing as a doctor. Aerolised bleach WHAT?', '…and the propaganda machine preaches about misinformation…lol!', 'Shockingly, he is from Florida...', 'Florida that is all I have to comment about.', "So there's dumb Doctors out there?!", 'Maybe close the borders that are super spreaders.', 'Of course he works out of Florida.', 'Why don’t they shut him down?!!!🙄', "Why is the border wide open, and your pushing vaccines?  Doesn't make sense?  🤔", 'He’s been around a long time and has always been a scam artist', 'Misinformation is so dangerous', 'lmao even the reporter doesnt wear mask', 'CNN where yellow journalism continues.', 'The man right and none of you can proof him wrong said black people we remember what you did to us', "Money, money, money... capitalism is great, isn't it? Totally overpriced supplements and a nonsense book are paying for his carefree lifestyle. Consumers/people are so dumb.", 'Go ahead folks and take your low dose Rat Poison blood thinner... Prescribed by the Good Doctors!  To each his own. ... Take care of yourselves!!!!', 'Who in their right mind would listen to the advice of an Osteopath? Osteopathy is quackery, practiced by individuals who couldn’t get into medical school.', 'Critical thinking is the cure for this particular virus', 'the reckless ignoramus is an osteopath...not an MD', 'An osteopath . Of course , he has no profit motive ! Of course , he is also an expert virologist !', 'I did not hear any misinformation in this clip by this doctor being called a “super spreader”, but I can see why the folks with a financial interest in vaccines would push to label him a “superspreader”, and I can see what this news agency with huge financial support from pharma would push this story.', 'We cannot birth \nthe new world with \na colonized mind.', 'Wheres sarscov2 variation just disapeared. Maybe because it never existed only on paper. The origins of the made up disease that is called covid only exists on paper in medical fairytales', "Funny how you weren't at the O'Bama birthday super spreader bash", 'How many of these 12 have been vaccinated? I bet they all have been.', "He is an attention hog, he won't stop.", 'based alpha male bike rider ignores harassment from hypochondriacs', "#1 best selling book on natural health but this reporter spoke to an expert who says it's nonsense.  Lmao.   Sounds like the expert is the guy writing the best selling book", 'Just another lying grifter.', 'Would you eat at a restaurant that had a big sign out front saying:\n\n“WE CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYTHING THAT HAPPENS TO YOU FROM EATING OUR FOOD!”\n\nI wouldn’t eat there!', "He's a hustler that's the bottom line.........", "Would have liked some sort of explanation why he can kept a medical license if he's being so deceptive.", 'This is what the criminal  Law  is for', 'Misinformation can come from anyone but it’s perplexing when it comes from the educated.', 'This good Dr is being attacked by the govt mafia and its pharma army', 'Joseph Goebbels more like...', 'He looks very healthy, and the reporter is approaching him without wearing a mask.', 'Does he really have an iPad tucked in the back of his shorts🥴', 'Serial kill on the lose. But how to prove it.', 'One big experiment.', 'It’s a Florida Man! What do you expect.', 'Everyone knows, the guilty run…err, pedal.', 'Everything that the CDC says is 100% accurate they never change their opinion 😄 every other opinion is misinformation. We as A news network we do not do our OWN research anymore lol.', 'I think we should be able to file lawsuits with anyone who puts people at risk, doctors, governors, Facebook, and anyone who endangers others lives and livelihoods with COVID.', "How does he get so much attention?. That's the part I dont understand. If I started talking about how I knew the answer to infertility and that I have a Master's degree and thus should be listened to, how would I go about gaining an audience? I could post a YouTube video but I would think I would only get a handful of viewers. So how do these nuts get thousands of views? I'm truly puzzled by this. If anyone could explain this?", 'Why is VAERS data being deleted?', 'Free Country,  Dr Mercola Allowed to express his opinon.   wow CNN really went left wing,  now we know why Republicans and Trump Hate CNN.', 'Your spreading misinformation. Why are you allowing these gaslighting techniques and live with yourself?', 'But why is it "Lies" to have FREEDOM OF CHOICE? We are moving into a dangerous realm or social engineering program where Everyone needs to think and behave the same! The Grand Universe gives freedom of choice, so why wouldnt this still be an option? Yin/Yang reminds us that there is ALWAYS opposition, and this should be OK!!', "Time will tell if it is 'disinformation ' OR NOT.", 'File this under:\nHave bike, will peddle.', 'Funny how most of these vaxx deniers are all grifters.', "Hydrogen peroxide, vitamin C and D, and thank you for actually quoting from him, your cells are supposed to make the spike proteins after the gene therapy is received, so I don't understand where's the misinformation in what he is saying. That blond guy with the glasses is sued, btw.", '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'All this lets me know doctors are full of shyt', 'Take his medical license.', 'Wait, so the organization setup against digital hate is now being used to promote it? Slick twist, CNN ;o).', 'I have a feeling that YouTube strike is happening.   R I G H T  A B O U T  N O W.', "LOVE (VERY FIT and HEALTHY) Dr. Mercola's reply. GO Joe!!!  Make me think of this:   4 Do not answer a fool according to his folly,\r\n    or you yourself will be just like him.  11 As a dog returns to its vomit,\r\n    so fools repeat their folly.  Proverbs 26:4&11", "I used to have respect for Dr. Mercola but he's gotten drunk on power and celebrity and has gone completely off the deep end. I no longer believe ANYTHING he has to say.", 'Unsubscribing because you routinely upload low volume videos.', 'I was expecting a fauci historical fact check. Dr Flipflip.', 'All the misinformation I gotten has been from you people smh get it together', 'First/foremost, common sense is essential when selecting sources.  If the message is unsubstantiated or sounds crazy, it is. Doctors take an oath to "Do no harm," recklessly violating the Hypocritic oath during a pandemic is especially deadly. What\'s the point in establishing rigorous scientific methodology when quacks are free to push false narratives without appropriate consequences?', '...Notably, the CNN program averaged only 846,000 viewers and 156,000 with A25-54, down 39 percent and 48 percent respectively versus the first quarter. In June, Reliable Sources plummeted to its lowest-rated month of the year, shedding over half its audience in both categories since the start of the calendar year.', 'Why this person still has a DR title?', 'Robert Kennedy jr is on the list', 'Malcom X warned us about white liberals .', "I don't trust the vaccine. I don't trust the Whitehouse as long as Biden is in there along with all his followers", 'A Brave Patriot........$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$', 'Oh this is priceless. A “news” organization that does nothing but spread misinformation complaining about misinformation.\n\nHere’s a good rule of thumb, if CNN says that the truth is “A” it’s best to assume that “Not A” is the truth.', 'CNN focuses on character assassin and not examining he has said and the scientific truth of what he has said. It is well documented that your nutritional and vitamin status has a significant impact on your immune status. The danger of this kind of reporting avoids facts and dramatizing the vaccination agendas. Thank god we can still decide wether we enter the experiment as participants or controls.', 'Thanks Dr. Mercola for speaking the truth.', 'We want freedom', 'What about Dr. Luc Montagnier?', "Lol why is he so camera shy? Shouldn't he be eager to spread his truth?", 'Why has A Cooper crawled out of his hole?', "Mercola's afraid of getting sued. That's it.", 'Witch hunting? Silencing vaccines critics ? Shame on USA and CNN', 'Anybody not vaccinated deserves to be taken off of food stamps, medical, schooling, driving going outdoors.', 'REPENTANCE....time is up.', 'The guy is a chiropractor, not a doctor!', "Soooooo.....he's scared of the consequences of the misinformation, so now he takes it down. What a creep!", 'Did CNN find where Chris and Andrew Chomo are hiding 😂😂😂', "LOL @ selling a bottle of Vitamin D for $42!  No thanks, I'll get mine from Walmart or Costco!", "It's the lack of common sense that's the real problem with America. People are sacrificing  their lives and families over ideology; because of their faith in lies and things don't exist.", 'I like cake.', 'I think cnn is going to get sued lol', 'The problem is distrust in the government. And less trust in the media. Very dangerous situation.', 'funny how they counted the 2 in a single picture as 1', 'What a Chad move', 'Justice for Maddie', 'How many people did Andrew Cuomo kill?', 'Withdraw his Licence', "He probably didn't want to talk because they were harassing him. 🤷🏽\u200d♀️Ijs Mercola 💪🏽❤️", 'Why are they not asking the governor of new york why he put thousands of covid positive patients into nursing homes', "He's not wrong though", "NICE story by CNN after OBAMA's SUPER speader", 'Remove articles? aka he is worried about lawsuits.', "he's happy to spread misinformation so long as you can't see him, but when you see him live and  in person, he doesn't have anything to say.", 'I say let ignorance collect its due...', 'He and Governor DeSantis can see how fast they can kill the whole population of Florida .', 'The only misinformation here is that CNN is a credible news source.', 'the pro vaxx sect is growing...', "He falls under the title of 'Quack'.", 'GOD IS GOING TO HAVE A LOT TO SAY TO HIM.', 'He cant even look in the eyes to "back-up" his bull crap!', 'Many like Dr Mercola  That is Their Choice.', 'Here is a wonderful link to the impact of disinformation,', 'And last but not least give the vaccines are safe why pharmaceutical companies will not back it up with Karen T Dave you’re not be responsible for any outcome has to do with the vaccine. Really? That’s spooky', '8-10-2021 - - - I copied and pasted the headline from Dr. M\'s website to me - a "follower."  Here it is:  "My Rebuttal to CNN\'s Hit Piece on Me."  If you watch the YouTube video you can see he offered no rebuttal at all.  As a Respiratory Therapist, I became more and more suspicious of his postings.  His frequent suggestion that Bill Gates is involved in some kind of conspiracy to harm Americans and others had reached Trump-like proportions.  As a result of this video and it\'s clear demonstration that in public the Dr. clearly is not up to being challenged to account for his information, I will now conclude my comment here and go to his latest post to me as a subscriber, and cancel my subscription to his website and postings.  As for Dr. M., well, I am disappointed that he is apparently just a snake oil and snake pill salesman promoting his line of products after creating fear in his followers with his postings and conspiracies which can only be "countered" by buying his products.  Shame on you Dr. M.  Goodby.', 'These people should be held responsible should any of their listeners take their advice, get sick or die. I bet they would not help their listeners should they become ill. They are just angry fame seeking idiots who are absolutely self absorbed. They should be held accountable how they are hurting people.', 'Lock him up!', "Have nothing to say to the spreaders of fake news, that's why! God, these people are awful.", 'The ‘Disinformation Dozen’ are so craven, they would ‘advise’  people to make out with zombies, stare at the sun or eat chewed gum stuck under benches!', 'That guy has big Marshall Applewhite vibes', 'Dr Mercola, more like Dr Mengele', "Of course we can't trust doctors who is crazy", 'still waiting for a single person in human history to have ever died from the flu or covid19', 'As Wolfgang Pauli would say about "doctor" Mercola, "so wrong it isn\'t even false"', '1:08 where is Marjorie Green in here?', 'Fuck your attempts at censorship. Sic Semper Tyrannis', 'Why is he still a doctor? Why is he not in jail?!', 'I remember when the news just presented the different sides and let people make up rheir own mind. She uses very leading language.', 'vitamin d is necessary tho and vitamin c too both strengthen your immune system', 'He looks rather aged', 'I thought this was going to be.about Dr. Fauci', 'OBAMA BIRTHDAY PARTY?', 'Dr Joseph is a hero!', 'You found the Texas democrats', 'So how many people have died because of  this guy misinformation , he is no doctor , Doctors save life,that POS is killing people .', 'CNN investigating dissemination of “misinformation”. Now that is rich.', 'Obama birthday party superspreader!', 'What a coward.', "Methinks that a health board somewhere threatened to take away his medical license if he didn't take things down 🤣 Good", "What's even more upsetting is that I'm seeing health and fitness gurus that I follow actually supporting this guy. It seems like the world has gone to crazy Land", 'They are making covid like a phone you buy a new one next week there a newr one', 'Needed a hard hitting reporter to source this story and this supposed doctor, he needed to be pressed hard.', 'BRAVO DOCTOR M!!!!!! Dont give up getting the TRUTH out about MOB.', 'Put on a disinformation list!  what the hell. is this communist china or north korea', 'This man has always been on social media his site comes up all over the place hes hawking what he sells and being dishonest as always.  personally i was put off by his claims years ago because i realized he was just trying to push his own products. gee if he was in the right why did he have to take it all down?????', 'LOVE Dr Mercola!  And CNN thanks for a couple new resources!', "That's why I don't watch CNN!", 'Oh you track down Texas Democrats', 'Good night Dr.', "Why would he respond to your loaded questions? It's not like your looking for answers. Rather your looking to get him to talk so you can take what he says out of context like cnn always does. He was smart to be quiet.", 'Look at his big beautiful house', 'He’s from Florida, a state that has the highest rate, a governor fighting precautions. What do you expect?  These people who follow people like him deny covid until they get it, then apologize they didn’t act sooner. Is it really worth your life and others over such propaganda?', "Those vitamin c and d supplements Dr Mercola is selling are very expensive. 1000 IUs of vitamin D from Mercola's website is 1000 IUs of vitamin D from the supermarket. So shop around and pick the best source.", 'Osteopathy: alternative medicine for all your alternative facts. 🤨', "why she doesn't wear a mask?", 'So "Doctor" Mercola basically took four years of medicine, but not traditionally know medicine and has no background in virology. But also hasn\'t practiced medicine since 2009. Now the office has people in which one could probably pay a "co-pay" and take a week off and save one\'s leave/vacation time while being provided a medical excuse. Wasn\'t it back in the late 1800\'s that there were people who\'d also sell "special" tinctures and such. Reminds me of those scams where a person sends money to some unknown place and in return they send back a (non-accredited) "degree".', 'Pfizer should file a lawsuit and sue him.  Nothing makes these quacks shut up and disappear as quick as taking their money.', 'They should all be arrested and tried.', 'The CDC should take the vaccines and change the labels to say anti-vaccine.  Then those against the vaccine would be sure to get the vaccine.', 'He’s a tough guy locked away in his home alone talking to a camera.', "Thanks! CNN, I'm buying his book. 👍", 'Wow, if he really believed what he says and has nothing to hide he would of stopped and talked to them.', 'Wow cool running behind people to question about vaccine and not thinking about what coming a head of use and eternal life itself..... America the coming of the Lord is near remember the days of Noah repent and be baptized ....this can save lives.', 'Cnn...nobody believes you', 'Cleary the doctor is shameful', 'I bet he’s vaccinated.', "Dr. Mercola avoids looking straight ahead in that initial interview. Even with just a cameraman standing in for those he's addressing, that comes of as insincere. He then stares right at the lens when he talks about removing his online pages and videos--probably because that part is true.", 'Is this lady a doctor?', 'what a coward', 'Wow based on the comments I see that the whole comment section has been vaxxxed.....all the best', 'Camp out at the border and catch those super spreaders.', 'This man has blood on his hands.  They should strip him of his licenses.', 'Thank you 12 dozen for risking everything for putting the truth out there.', 'At least those vitamins A&D are FDA  Approve vaccine are not what is the president is waiting on.', 'some one get him on his bike', 'Should take his license', 'Imagine listening to CNN which is the best example of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA telling you that someone with REAL NEWS is misinformation! ROFL!!!', 'Central Nonsense News.', 'Another Bamboo', 'Hydroxchloroquine', 'Dr Atlas, Dr Phil, and some other snake oil salesmen revisited.', 'Misinformation = anything not fitting CNN narrative.', "That guy on the bike wasn't the Doctor. The more you censor the more people will follow. Let people make their own decisions. Oh and vitamin C and D do help your immune systems. What do you need to fight a virus? A strong immune system.", "so ppl will listen to the politics and mainstream media than listen to a doctor?  (not saying his info is right or wrong) I think most unvaccinated ppl question the vax because of the confusing data that comes from news, social media , our gov't and other data. If they want to mandate it, it should start at the borders. just my opinion", "I've turned around on this. Instead of condemning these dolts, I say let them and all theirs get the deadly disease. We're overpopulated as it is, so why not cull the herd of the mentally weakest and most dangerous?", "I've read many of Dr Mercolas articles over the years which I've found very informative and made alot of sense. I've purchased products he has sold which were of good quality. He is a doctor of alternative health. I know for a fact doctors do NOT get nutritional education in college when studying to become a physician as told to me over the years by my doctor's. 40 hrs is the most I've heard a doctor receives. We all know it's a fact excercise, diet and good nutrition prevent and can reverse many bad health conditions, but few doctors will explain that, let along guide you through with good advice, and most insurances do not cover naturalpathic care. People do need this common sense approach to healing. It's pretty wide spread. But when it comes to pandemic proportions. We need evidence the alternatives work! The Covid vaccines were tested, as best they could to protect a dying population. If there is a proven safer method then it is imperative Dr Mercola and others in his field to please speak to the media, like Dr Oz. He may get ridiculed like Dr Oz once did, because there was a push from main stream media and big pharma. But if there is a better way, he needs to scream it from the roof tops to defend it. The way he handles this makes me suspicious. I've gotten my shots, because I can't take the chance.", "Can't these doctors get in some kind of trouble for using their position to mislead the public???", 'Must be friend of DeSantis! Fake Doctor, and real doctER only under DeSantis!', 'Doc has a great life', 'Despicable man', 'America has become a real problem.', 'Joseph mengele must’ve woken up from his cryo chamber', 'Man belongs in jail.', 'If those that are spreading misinformation have to be closed down then CNN should be closed down first.', 'The biggest problem is the people who listen to him. The people arent educated and are being guided by conspiracy theories and religion.. If u take the doctor out of the equation there will just be another who will gain their attention..', 'I looked into Dr. Mercola\'s natural lifestyle business years ago. I came to the conclusion that he uses fear to sell his own brand of healthy lifestyle products.  I refused to believe his marketing then, and I would never listen to him now. Back when the proponents of a health food lifestyle were telling folks they were going to be sick if they didn\'t eat better; doctors were saying that was bunk.  Doctors have very little study in nutrition, now they are all "experts" selling some supplement, or health food book.\nNow it sounds like he\'s afraid of multiple lawsuits.', 'These people probably also voted for Trump - my favourite Americans!', 'Playing the Trump game Making money off peoples fear Shame on him He needs to be arrested', 'Is this misinformation? Why has not one person commented? I\'ve posted this everywhere yet no one can answer me..IF YOU ARE SO CONFIDENT IN YOUR VACCINE WHY IS THIS STILL IN EFFECT...AND I\'m not even republican, nor a Frazee conspiracy theorist..\nIn February, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar\xa0invoked the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act. The 2005 law empowers the HHS secretary to provide legal protection to companies making or distributing critical medical supplies, such as vaccines and treatments, unless there\'s "willful misconduct" by the company.\xa0The protection lasts until 2024.\nThat means that for the next four years, these companies\xa0"cannot be sued for money damages in court"\xa0over injuries related to the administration or use of products to treat or protect against\xa0Covid.\xa0\nYou also can\'t sue the Food and Drug Administration for authorizing a vaccine for emergency use, nor can you hold your employer accountable if they mandate inoculation as a condition of employment.If you experience severe side effects after getting a\xa0Covid\xa0vaccine, lawyers tell CNBC there is basically no one to blame in a U.S. court of law.\xa0\nThe federal government has granted companies like\xa0Pfizer\xa0and\xa0Moderna\xa0immunity from liability if something unintentionally goes wrong with their vaccines.\n\nUnder the PREP Act, companies like Pfizer and Moderna have total immunity from liability if something unintentionally goes wrong with their vaccines.\n\nA little-known government program provides benefits to people who can prove they suffered serious injury from a vaccine.\n\nThat program rarely pays, covering just 29 claims over the last decade.\n\nYou can’t sue Pfizer or Moderna if you have severe Covid vaccine side effects. The government likely won\'t compensate you for damages either', 'the lambda virus is a super-spreader on the taxas border  an the border is open', 'The few Doctors that dare to speak out will be persecuted.', 'FORCE TO TAKE', "Yeah it's cnn", 'this has to do wonders for his patients if he has any. What a quack.', 'The guy is fake and  the guy is dangerous himself. Vitamin C and D tablets 🤣🤣🤣🤣 .   Serious  Vitamin C drink 🍊 juice Vitamin D enjoy the☀️', "That's literally reckless, 100 percent.", 'Thank you Dr Joseph mercola', '704 J. Anderson', 'Freedom\nFreedom', 'So, here we go again. You say misinformation. Time will tell.', 'We all know CNN is Fake News, so let me search for Mercola', "I think he should be linked to deaths caused by misinformation. Just as they want vaccine companies to be held to account for patients that had issues from vaccine. Let's see who gets more cases", 'CNN NEWS IS VERY GOOD', 'His name is Doctor death', 'Hi is a liar and someone hi is on someone’s payroll', 'CNN calling out "misinformation".  Now I\'ve seen it all.', 'Covid , delta, spirit,continental, and one and one!! This will never end !!🤒🤒🤒🤒', 'The mass psychosis of society is an amazing phenomenon.  if you believe in the shot your father is lucifer.  Mercola is 100% correct in his position.', 'Not his blood and tears.', "This guys medical license should be under review for spreading misinformation that will make people sick or worse.  He's a medical doctor.", 'Just because it doesn\'t go along with their "agenda" they call it misinformation!!!!!!', 'The guy looks ignorant.', 'Give me a break! CNN continues to shut down anything that disagrees with them. You are super spreaders of distrust! Why would he speak with you?', 'Covid Outbreak Hits Carnival Cruise Despite Every Guest and Staff Member Being ‘Vaccinated’\nlol lol lol 😂', "The other super spreader is Obama with his hundreds of unmasked guests at his birthday party. Why aren't you reporting on him?  Selective reporting?  Do the Damocrats own you????", 'Mercola is the model of health and fitness. And in his 70s WOW! Rachel Levin should take note. LOL', 'you msm folks need to quit', 'This is why the media is so hated. Why are you trying to track and create a hit piece on this man? Shame on you CNN.', 'I’d like to fight him.', 'He\'s a quack!\n"Joseph Michael Mercola is an American alternative medicine proponent, osteopathic physician, and Internet business person. He markets dietary supplements and medical devices, some of which are controversial."', 'I have followed Dr. Mercola for years and he has consistently given good advice on a wide variety of health topics.  I trust Dr. Mercola.  I do not trust CNN or Imran Ahmed.', "To be completly fair, if I was presenting a narrative counter to the one being presented on cnn and they were trying to get an interview with me in the street, I wouldn't talk to them. I don't know if they will take me out of context because it's completely up to them to use what they want. However, i probably would have taken different actions then him though. I probably would have said I'm willing to do an interview but it would need to be on my terms and i would want the unedited interview posted.", 'I hope CNN really dont think we this damn stupid....wow...like CNN dont give us the raw news..they give opinions and propaganda', 'Lots of doctors have talked about consuming  peroxide to combat disease. I have listened to public radio doctor programs and remember this going back 20 years. Vitamin C is good for everything. What are you guys trying to do here?', 'Of course, florida', 'Death Cultists', 'I used to follow him but I quickly realized that every article was geared up to sell you expensive supplements.', "He's not able to look into the camera, constantly blinking, and avoiding reporters.... Oh yeah that dude's got nothing to hide. 😂", 'Was it Fauchi???', 'All the doctors listed should be investigated closely or struck off', 'They should have scheduled an interview with him. SAying they are interested in his views and put him on the spot. He is a jerk!', "I bet he's actually vaccinated, just like the Fox News hosts", 'Why is the like to dislike rathio so "positive", when almost every single comment seems to dislike it?', "Now that you've tracked him down... Can you leave the pitchforks and torches at home next time??", 'Why would a doctor risk his livlihood just to lose it all with a lie', 'THIS guy cries foul about censorship, yet I post ONE question on Instagram regarding a post he made about vaccines and I was blocked within seconds. I guess that goes both ways, eh?\n\nOn that note, he also is given an opportunity to be interviewed by CNN on a HUGEEEEE platform - but runs away. LOL. \n\nSeriously, though. What censorship?', 'quack', 'Wicked soul using vaccine misinformation to peddle his own product. Smh', '*FLORIDUH MAN...* \nTaking advice on respiratory viral infections from an osteopath is like taking nutritional advice from a chiropractor.\n You might as well be taking legal advice from a garage mechanic.\n How can republicons possibly be this stupid?', 'YOU are "full of nonsense" indeed! :\'-D', 'Ivermectin.', "If the vaccine is so dangerous because it was rushed through safety trials then where's the backlash against President Trump who hurried the vaccine to market with Operation Warp Speed?", 'Don’t get mad at this guy if the vaccines are still NOT FDA approved. Just approve them and this should all dissipate.', 'Thank you!!', 'Looks like CNN got a team of shills writing their own comments.', 'why worry ? I am glad people are listening to such garbage. Maybe more of them get sick , and then post "I am so stupid" videos, and maybe someone will decide to sue him. They sued cigarette companies for lies, so perhaps someone will sue all the disinformation group and put them out of business :)', "I started following Dr. Mercola in 2008 . I was surfing the web because I was very sick and doctors I saw could find nothing wrong with me and decided I needed anti depressants. I started reading  Mercola's articles and started taking vitamin D and Vitamin C and a few other oils. I changed the way I ate and my health has been good since. CNN you are the ones possibly giving misinformation and the death of some  possibly could be because of your biased reporting. Surprisingly people have a right to think for themselves, at least so far.", 'Stop trying to cover up the truth', 'I don’t wish anyone to catch COVID, but if he did, it would be poetic justice for sure.', 'This whole network is misinformation.', 'I am shocked that anyone is still listening to cnn', 'Modern day snake oil salesman.', 'Cnn is misinformatoin', 'All they gotta do take his license away properties  and cash give it to the deceased family members  😁', 'A damned bone doctor. Not a virologist. You know, after it’s all said and done, people like this should be punished. Harshly.', 'CNN knows all about misinformation.', 'Just as there are bad contractors, bad plumbers and bad politicians, there are bad doctors.', "Any idea if he did a real medical program? I know Osteopaths sometimes went through a full program and residency, while others may not even have the equivalent of a Bachelor's degree.", 'CNN found.....themselves!!!!', 'Take his license away, make him liable for the garbage coming out of his mouth…\nIt looks like he is one step away from starting a cult….. yet another misunderstood messiah in making.\nIt is a 21 century and yet a mid century thinking seems to be more popular than scientific facts. \nWell, this is a price we all must pay for living in a democratic society.', 'How about Biden close up the Southern Boarder and stop illegals coming over with it???', 'This physician is being unfairly targeted. I’ve followed him for years and he only provides educational options or information.  Thanks to Dr. Mercola, I became empowered to find alternative treatments for my fibromyalgia. By choice and research, I am completely off of my medication. My flare up are fair and few. Well, I’m not cured but I learned how to better manage my condition suitable for my body.', 'CNN loves to take things out of context. People are looking for truth. They will not find it on CNN!', 'Lock him up.', 'Devils will go to hell one day. Stay strong Dr. Mercola, millions stand behind you!', 'Florida is full of NUTS', "Conspiracy theorists are always uncomfortable with the truth. The truth isn't a conspiracy, but is being lost in an onslaught of mindless positions that are supported by a lack of education.", 'If the vaccine was worse than Covid I’m sure we would be hearing a lot of stories and warnings about the vaccine', 'How is those points false, now an opposing view is digital hate?! This is why ppl are running from the vaccine', 'A difference of opinion doesn’t constitute mis information.  There are some people that have conditions that the vaccine is actually more life threatening than actual infection. Also, why would people willingly Take experimental drugs without proper testing… let’s remember the democrat leadership said that they wouldn’t take the vaccine just last summer.', '#fakenews', '#fakenews', "I'll listen to Dr. Mercola before listen to CNN or Fauci, I am young anf healthy and I don't fear covid but I fear the dangerous vaccines.", "Mercola sounds like a huge quack, but I'm kinda disappointed that he appears to be wrong. If I thought the vaccine was more dangerous than covid I'd take it. Because life sucks but I'm too much of a wussy to end it myself.", 'Where did this quack get his license?!', 'This guy has been a well known quack for years.\n\nThis is nothing new with him.', 'Half huh?  Yeah sure', "Why hasn't his medical license been  Suspended", "This is like when Alex Jones says your tapwater will turn you gay and he happens to be selling some water filters. It's like the QVC for conspiracy people aka Trumplicans", "Rizza Islam? What misinformation. Just cause ppl don't want your vaccines.", 'His medical license should be revoked! He’s going against the oath he took to “do no harm!”', 'Who decides what is misinformation and is thus censored?  This scares me more.', 'It’s funny these hack doctors spew false information and the sell there life saving vitamins and people fall for it. As you can see he’s doing quite well in his lavish Florida home and riding his bike on the beach. While people die every day from COVID19.', 'Why doesn\'t CNN use this "Approach on the street" style of reporting with Politicians and the Financial Elites? .... seems the only time they use this style is when they want to ruin a person. Why no mention of the death threats this guy has been getting??', 'We have the same idiots here in the UK.   But we are mostley vaccinated now.', "are you sure his name isn't  \r\nJosef Mengele", 'Wonder what Mercola actually said.  Would have been nice for CNN to share', 'The solution is simple,  simply advertise that the vaccine is free for every registered Democrat (just end in small print that it is also available for everyone) ! FOX and republicans will go nuts 🤣', 'I heard the VAX turns you in to a decepticon transformer.', '[1:23] "Misinformation, like ..." and then she lists off sensible information very likely to be true.  \nThe hubris of these people in power is maddening.  Their will to control others is psychopathic.  \nWhere there is disagreement, there need not be attack to forcefully dominate those who oppose.  \nWe need to hold divisions between us to respectfully live and let live, peacefully apart from one another.', 'Absolute legend', 'He better njoy his riches here on earth because where he is going not one dollar he has can save him!', "Shouldn't intentional spreading of misinformation be treated as terrorism?", 'We have a lot of "doctors" like this guy in Florida. Just try and go through our health care system. Curing people is not the intention in Florida. My mother has been in medical HELL because of doctors across multiple networks, doctors of every type. Nothing but scams and liars all across Florida.', 'Why would anyone speak to CNN? 🙄', "Grifter's gonna grift.", 'Ted Turner eugenist', 'Fortunately, we have all been given a brain and can do our own digging of information. Read his researched health articles, grab one of his books and make up your own mind. Pretty simple really.', 'One of the doctors neighbors need to give him the Rand Paul treatment.', '"Florida"\nEnough said.', 'We have one like him in Japan too. Mr. Takeda.', 'Trumpists praise diaper don for operation warp speed, then say " I\'m not taking a rushed vaccine" ... I feel like this is an episode of the twilight zone,  what\'s happening within the education system that so many adults can\'t think rationally', 'Mercola is over 70 yrs old and looks amazing. He doesnt follow the science,  he does it.', 'The last person as a trusted source of epidemiological knowledge to support his medical opinion is an Osteopath.They believe the body has the capacity to heal itself through natural remedies, like bleach. These are not medical doctors. They’re quacks. He deserves being at the top of list of misinformation super spreaders.', 'Honestly, leave him alone. There are precious few voices with alternative views. Do we really want to live in a world where there is only government sanctioned information? Remember the Iraq War? Did CNN ever question the WMD narrative? Nope. Who did? Alex Jones. So CNN are less trustworthy that Alex Jones. And yet here you are, going after people with different views. He is just one guy. Lots of people are getting something from his work. Leave him be.', "A nation of sheep will begs \na government of wolves.'", 'It\'s amazing how people will eagerly believe this guy without any question, buy and try his so called "cures" but refuse to listen when the CDC says vaccines don\'t interact with your DNA.', 'You can always follow the money and I mean big money! Bigpharma money. You will find the answers and many skeletons in the close along the way.', '25 years of blood sweat and tears?\nTen bucks says those were from his patients, not from him working.', 'What happened to freedom of speech?', 'The guy is 67 , ok! Who’s advice should you listen to? Donuts and Vax? Or Dr Mercola? Enough said:)', 'Why harassment at his home ?', 'This list is BS because fox and republicans aren’t even on this list.', "Never heard of any of those people.  However, I have looked at Dr. Seneff's MIT study on rNA vaccines and Dr. Byram Bridle's research on spike proteins.  And, it matches up with the Salk Institute's original findings on rNA vaccine and the side effect slide of injures on the FDA website.  The misinformation is coming from media because you are the only one not relying on scientific data from multiple sources.", "CNN calling out people for lying, now that's rich.", 'Maybe, could, might, possibly… empty words that assert an outcome that is repeated with vigor yet as no substance behind them.', 'Try tracking down Sky News and the BBC for misinformation.', 'But it is true that now with vaccine number of infected are 5-10x higher then last year without vaccine and mortality around same', 'More people die riding their bikes every year than from a vaccine. Ergo, the healthy thing is to not ride bikes.', "Communist don't tolerate free speech and differences of opinion.  They called it false information.", 'Wow. Whoever that woman reporter is should be sued for slander... She is not a doctor, and has no right to say his opinions are misinformation', "Now it all makes sense he's making money off of these stupid people", "He even knows he's lying , just watch his eyes .", 'quack quack', 'Florida. Of course he’s from Florida. Of course.', 'Do you know that the cdc is not an independent govt agency, it is a privately owned subsidiary of big pharma? They own the US patent to 56 magic potions. My wife worked for the UN as translator and she quit for a reason. Not cuz of forced magic potion either. Because she has a morals and a conscience. We are moving to her home country of Switzerland for a reason.', 'Dr Mercola certainly failed in defending his position in person, though I could imagine why some hesitancy with how news agencies edit material.', "If cnn Facebook Twitter and youtube say it's missinformation I want to hear it. It's most likely the opposite.", '#feardontlivehere', "If this guy practices what he preaches then I'm in , look at the shape he's in .", 'Dr. Death', 'This pathetic man should be stripped of his medical credentials.', 'She’s in a doctors office with no mask? Wow…hypocrisy from CNN. HAHAHA', 'It is true that there have been some pure reviewed studies regarding increase levels of vitamin D. They show that significantly increase the hours of vitamin D correlate to fewer hospital visits, less severe symptoms, and fewer deaths. It’s definitely a helpful thing when dealing with coronavirus. However it’s not a cure, and it does not replace Vaccines certainly. Other supplements such as vitamin E, vitamin a, B complex, curcumin, and omega-3’s can also be very helpful when fighting COVID-19. There have been some Peer reviewed studies on those as well.', 'This is illegal', 'Flori-duh again!', '"When you tear out a man\'s tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you\'re only telling the world that you fear what he might say." ― George R.R. Marti', 'What kind a dr is he my goodness people are so vulnerable right now they will lessen to everyone special someone like him i am wondering if he got the virus what he would do?', 'I can’t believe media is attacking Mercola now.Humanity is completely gone .', 'They could…and it’s just a thought…arrest the ones who are also attempting another insurrection because they got away with it the first time.', 'A nurse in the UK Was struck off for saying and doing way less than he has', 'Dr Evil', "and should lose his license and ability to practice. but I'm sure that wont stop him.", 'You do understand that he has the right to voice his opinion, this is still America', "Oh, he's had his shots, for sure.", "He must've done like Conald trump and paid someone else to take his exams for him.    How else could a snake oil salesman have gotten a medical degree?", 'Ed Buck.', 'if you doubt the efficacy of Vit D for immune building, then please look at the myriad of papers on Vit D.', "I just wonder if the vaccine makes should be made to remove all of their information listed on side effects of their vaccinations? LOL Doesn't matter how rare they are they are still side effects!", 'Only 8,000 reported deaths from the experimental gene therapy since January', '……come on leave that man alone!! Now they are following people ?? What’s next ?? God help us ..So vaccines aren’t dangerous? ….this is not right!!! Are we i in America!!!', "Dig deeper on Mercola.  I let go of him years ago when I heard him say something that did not align with what I'd heard from my gastroenterologist (also a researcher in his field).  He didn't reply, he didn't correct the information and I pursued it for months. He wants the clicks and cannot be trusted. He cannot be trusted.  Hopefully we will be able to list, charge all those who spread misinformation.  He is already on Quackwatch.  Always look for pros/cons and the dirt on people who make a living off changing your opinion vs. encouraging you to educate yourself and give you the data.", 'Plenty of bots in this comment section. No doubt about it. Would you expect any less from CNN?', 'Criminal National Network (CNN) Vs Dr. Mercola? I will take Dr. Mercola everyday', 'The problem is once the misinformation is out there, the damage is done and it cannot be undone.'], ['Even if he survives, not sure his lung will look so great afterwards', "And this could have been prevented. I wish him survival and recovery, it's hard to watch.", 'No you’re not taking responsibility all the nurses and doctors around you are taking the responsibilities you still don’t get it', 'Wowww! That was tough to watch. What a burden to bear for a 14 year old! Praying he pulls through! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾', 'My son died of Obstructive Pulmonary Disease. His favorite song was "Oh what a beautiful morning!". I played it for him on my cell phone as he was semi-comatose and lay dying in the hospital. I would have done anything to have had a vaccine that would have prevented his death.', 'After following this story, I’ve had a change of heart. He’s a martyr if dies. His message is viral across the world. He getting people to get vaccinated who otherwise would’ve ever done so, most likely saving many other’s lives. I hope he’s reworded for it with survival and recovery.', 'Well apparently COVID-19 doesn’t regret anything 💀', 'I said a prayer to Jesus for Healing for this poor man and his family.  I hope they can pull through. 🙏', 'Everything could have been so very different………. \nEgos got in the way\nLive and learn', 'You know what’s heartbreaking, living in a country that can’t afford and provide free vaccines.', "I'm praying for you Travis, hang in there. You got this!!❤️🙏", 'That moment when two news anchors see 5 minutes of what nurses see 12 hours a day.....', 'God bless you, I hope you can get out from the hospital and see your family again.', 'As much as people like him make me mad … I just find my heart sinking watching this video - I hope he pulls through…', 'I hope he and his family recover.  💛', 'Ive also been doing breathwork everyday and post Covid just held my breathe for 212 seconds.', "Regardless of the man's choice, I HOPE and PRAY that he makes it through this very difficult time. I hope he makes it not only for himself but for his family and especially for his children who I'm sure definitely need him jus like all kids need there parents. Again may GOD BLESS THIS MAN DURING THIS VERY DIFFICULT TIME. MAY THE LORD GUIDE HIM THROUGH THIS DARK TIME AND GET HIM BACK TO HIS HEALTHY NORMAL LIFE SO THAT HE MAY BE THERE FOR HIS FAMILY AND HIS CHILDREN AND FOR ANYONE ELSE THAT MAY NEED OR DEPEND ON HIM. IN GOD'S NAME I PRAY!", 'SENDING PRAYERS FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO IS FIGHTING FOR THEIR LIVES. THE 🙏🙏', 'A lot of the USA, typically the far right, don’t think there’s any problem with anything until it affects them personally. With Covid it’s too late for many of them. I hope some of them can learn from this fellow before they find out the hard way.', 'God bless this man who realizes that he made a mistake. We waited awhile because I have a brain tumor and severe allergic reactions but I was lucky...all my prayers', 'I wish republican media could start talking about it as they would "supporting our troops".\nwe may not know exactly what tomorrow holds but if we all either wear a mask or get a vaccine we can fight this TOGETHER.', "Usa: *has free access to vaccines*\nAlso Usa: I won't get that malicious vaccine and die voluntary 😡😡", 'Terribly sad this severe suffering for thousands could have been so easily prevented \nAbsolutely tragic \nThose who spread lies about vaccines are pure evil have blood on their hands and will for certain go to hell including insane so called pastors', 'This is so heart breaking, I pray for his full recovery.  I am fully vaccinated and I just convinced my sister to finally book an appointment for her 1st dose. She had been an anti-vaxxer.  I nagged her over and over and now I won.', "😔😔😔😔😔\nIt didn't  have to be this way  for him and his family...  to think that soooo many people have died, suffering so Horribly and ALONE, it will forever be Heartbreaking. No matter the circumstances or their  choices or  people's political views... it is Heartbreaking!💔", 'Experience the delirium that covid 19 causes on the mind and that a case that didn’t require visit to the ICU', 'This man knows he made a foolish mistake, and is trying to warn others, which is commendable. But the political opportunists who lied to him about it deserve much of the blame for what happens to him and others like him.', 'Heartbreaking! Lord please give him healing and strength to make it through this sickness. 🙏🙏🙏🙏', "God touch,  heal and deliver this man right now. He's Godly sorry, preserve him alive to witness to the truth. Strengthen him and his family our God, for your glory. In Jesus'  name, certainly and amen.", 'Fight brother fight your in our prayers!!!', 'what about the tens of millions of un-vaccinated peeps in USA that survived covid 500+ days into this mess?', 'Prayers for you man ! You can get trough this', "I feel so bad watching this man suffer.  I hope he pulls through and gets to be at his daughter wedding one day.  I don't care what you believe in or who you listen too for your information, nobody deserves to suffer like this.  I hope all who see what he is going through hear his message.", 'I really wish fox would play this. I also wish him and his family recover', 'Continue to fight Travis. Thanks for putting the word out. Praying for you Brother.', 'Praying for you and your family.', 'I can\'t help thinking that if a similar segment were to air on FOX, the hosts would call this guy a crazy leftie who should have known better - no compassion to be shown.  They would have ridiculed and said "oh well, his loss."', "Ok, he screwed up, but he's real great person by admitting it and warn others.", 'its so sad to see people suffer, I hope he finds peace!', 'Before the vaccine I would have felt genuinely sorry for this man and his family.  Now, sorry not sorry.  His decision was abusive to his children, and the other young children in society that cannot be vaccinated yet.', 'sending my prayers for him and his family', 'That is heart wrenching to watch. I just really hope people listen.', 'Now you tell me my friend 2 of them had the shot and still got sick', 'Selling fear, as always. \nThe internet never forgets....', 'I just found his latest video. He has been upgraded to intermittent Covid icu. He’s looking better and sounds better as well', 'Tragic,  because this was avoidable .  Even if he survives he’ll never be the same.', "So guy's when we making them wear patches on there arms to identify them some kind of timeline please?", 'I mean he should have been working on his health, working out, eating healthy, losing weight, taking supplements, etc. Not many people think about this but your oxygen is tied your circulatory system, if your cardiovascular system is strong you at least have a plus side should your respitory system get a hit. Your blood carried the oxygen, a healthy heart and circulatory system is important. I feel bad for the man but nature is cruel.', 'This is so heartbreaking to watch. Praying that this man survives and returns home to his family.', 'Stay strong my guy, don’t lose hope.', 'He looks perfectly fine.....  😂', 'Covid affects everyone differently. I know a man who refuses to get vaccinated. His 12 year old daughter is not yet vaccinated. His wife and two sons (20 &21 years of age) have been vaccinated. His wife and sons recently had covid. This man and his young daughter have not yet had covid even though they had full exposure to the rest of the family. There are still many unknowns with covid19.', 'It is very sad the way Covid 19 has been politicized.', 'Wonder if any of the congressional or Senate races would also be impacted when the issues are uncovered? Would that then change from a dem majority?\t😃\t|', 'Anti-vaxx : I won\'t believe anything, unless I see it.\n*When they see*\nAnti-vaxx: Totally BS. This is "insert whatever religious/political ideology" conspiracy.', 'As someone else said I have limited sympathy, wish my father and brother had the chances this gentleman had! 💔💔', "Keep fighting dude don't give up I feel for you I see your pain and I get it I'm sorry and hope you make a speedy recovery", 'Speedy recovery, I pray you survive to raise your children.', "Lord; give his family strength and I pray they get tested too.  This virus doesn't care who you are or what you believe.  It has no certain groups: colors or sex.    This is and will kill you.  Lord: please help us!!!   I feel so sorry for him because it didn't have to happen to him.  But; God is still a healer; but in the name of Jesus!!!   Wear your mask;  pray and stay safe!!!!  I pray more than anything that he gives and rededicate his life to Christ.     It is better to be with Christ than to die without him!    This is just heartbreaking..", "I'm praying for this man and his family. He made a decision not to get vaccinated.  It was his decision. That's what it boils down to, making the best decision for you and your family. Hopefully, you'll live to tell your story.", 'Oh well. That’s on him!', 'I appreciate his willingness to speak. Hope things work out in his favor.', 'Sad to see this.Hope he makes it god bless.', "Yeah this is what has been happening, people on their dying bed  confessing they made a mistake, also you have the ones who's on their death beds asking for the vaccine, unbelievable..", "Unfortunately you're preaching to the choir. Travis' videos need to air on Tucker Carlsons show", 'i got covid and got hospitalized i still dont wear a mask unless im told ill take the risk and chances of someone getting cv twice is very very rare', "At least he is trying to save others while he is in this situation. That is big! I am livid about anti vaxxers because his children will be forever traumatized due to this. But I can't help but feel bad for someone who might be dying, that's just wrong.", 'I cried real tears…  😭', 'There\'s a part of me that has grown cold in the Trump era because i have watched so many Americans turn into people I would consider my enemies and the enemies of Democracy.... and I have just recently said words like " I want to feel bad for them but I dont"\n\nThis humanizes it and grounds me. Thank you. I hope he pulls through.', 'Was this a healthy man do you know anything about his prior medical history? No you don’t go drink sweet tea and smoke some cigs too oh but your good cause you got the vaccine right?', 'Prayers for that man and his family ❤️', 'While I hope he makes it, the choice was his not to get the shot, he owed it to his family, to protect them. Are people really that stupid?', "This is real sad... I encourage you to get vaccinated if you have the opportunity..\n\nThis isn't about social, cultural or political issues... It's about living and not dying..\n\nJust get the shot !!!", "Brave guy. Thanks for the sharing your message during your gruelling trial. \nIf you are one of the people who won't vacinate, this is what you could do to a fellow human", 'This is just heartbreaking .......... praying for him ..........', "I'm praying for him. As a professional nurse if you don't want to listen to us, please listen to him.", 'Keep playing with that shit. Its when it hits u it hits you', '🙂 oh, my god pelosi will be flipping out when this happens. when the truth is seen gitmo for many.! pelosi you might be one of them going on vacation to gitmo for life.?|', 'I guess if your hope is in this life, for me to live is Christ but to die is gain. So I will share the gospel with you, for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, as it is written in the scripture, there is none righteous, not even one; there is none who understands, there is none who seeks for God; all have turned aside, together they have become useless; there is none who does good, there is not even one. Their throat is an open grave, with their tongues they keep deceiving, the poison of asps is under their lips, whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness, their feet are Swift to shed blood, destruction and misery are in their paths, and the path of peace they have not known, there is no fear of God before their eyes. That is every human being we are all guilty before God and we deserve his punishment, but the Lord Jesus came that we may have life and that more abundantly. The abundant Life is eternal life which he gives to all who repent and put their trust in him, therefore repent and trust in the savior, so that you may have eternal life. I do not fear death, I embrace it, I long to see my savior face to face that I may thank him personally for dying for my sins. May God use this to bring you to Faith and repentance. God bless have a great day!', 'Hope he makes it….hope Biden does something about the waves of unvaccinated and untested illegal immigrants.', 'I was on a ventilator once many years ago. It scared the hell out of me. I got the vaccine ASAP. Once you have been through a ICU visit, you learn to love nurses and try to stay out of the ICU by any means necessary. Sorry you learned this lesson so late.', "I'm unvaccinated and I'm going out of my way to be around lots of people every day, baby!!!!! Whatcha gonna do about that?", "This makes me so sad. I saw my mom like this last year and I hope nobody goes through this again. Luckily we're all vaccinated now.", 'I LOVE\nHOW ALL OF YOU LIARS "ACT" LIKE YOU CARE, BUT\nNONE OF ANY OF YOU ARE WEARING A MASK !\nTHEY WOULDN\'T HAVE GOT COVID IF THE PERSON WHO SPREAD THE VIRUS WAS WEARING A MASK !\n😐', 'It’s not heartbreaking at all. He chose not to believe. He put himself in this position. Instead of choosing science and logic, he listened to Trump and Conspiracy theories. THIS IS CALLED REALITY PEOPLE. NO AMOUNT OF PRAYER CAN CURE THE STUPID!', 'I wish he and others who "messed up big time" would specify,  from where exactly they got their "information" that led them to reject vaccines', 'This is sad.  I’m not much of an emotional person.  But how can you as you see his condition worsens?  I’m sorry brother', 'That moment when two news anchors see 5 minutes of what nurses see 12 hours a day....', "What doesn't kill you mutates and tries again. Get the dang shot", "My heart is breaking for this man and his family. Dear Jesus, please save this man's life. He made a very bad choice but I don't want him to die because of this choice. In Jesus name I pray, Amen.", 'Epitaph: "I messed up, it was real"', 'So sad. I hope he makes it!!', 'Heartbreaking 💔\nPost this on Facebook. \nMake it go viral. \nNo more Americans should die because of politics or religion', 'I’ve got no mercy for these people. People who refuse the vaccine should sign a waiver, refusing medical care if they contract Covid.', "i'll do a video doc about myself watching movies enjoying life, breathing and healthy", 'Choices. Now he is taking up space that someone needs for an unpreventable disease.', '150 cities go out on a protest against mandatory vaccines today in France', 'Sir...my prayers are with you...you are in a battle, give it all to God, He is your help and your source.', "Its very sad that these ppl  don't really care for their health.  Eating their way to death and causes their body to be sick and blame covid because they always make excuses.   If you truly care about health being?  Take care of it and your body will take care of you from any sickness.  Dont make excuses when you get sick while you poison your body most of your life.", 'Dude sounds sick! Get some soup and rest and get better!', 'why the need to promote this guys videos. i tell you why, to play on the minds of the people, absolute lies. likely the other way round, he got double jabbed.', 'Did he catch it from a vaccinated bloke?', 'Wishing this man a healthy future so he can back with his family💛🇬🇧', 'Heartbreaking my foot, so much of this could have been avoided by thinking for yourself. They always call us sheep but look how easy it is to consistently mislead them.', 'Imagine dying from covid in August 2021, how embarrassing.', 'Oh, this is so sad so heartbreaking . I hope he will get through this .', 'I usually make fun of anti-vaxxers but I refuse to do that here. My hats off for this guy to share his story. Now if he can reach out to all the other ignorant people down south. Maybe things will change for the better.', 'Oh my God, poor man. Your path is not set...sending all my love, healing, faith for you and your family. Everybody please get vaccinated. 💗💜💗', 'Is he overweight like most of the others that have passed or had issue? By his neck Id say yes.', 'You made a mistake and are taking responsibility now? Seems like the doctors are taking responsibility for your poor choices.', 'Obama just canceled his Birthday party with 700 guests because, well, it looks bad, but the elites know more than you do.', 'Lord please help this man heal in Jesus name.', 'How many times has he plugged the vaccine?', "They all regret until it's to late.. well now he knows after 2years he knows he should of listen to not trump", 'You see this when we still have ICU beds. You will not see this when the hospitals are overwhelmed.', '🙏❤️🙏❤️🙏', "Sending prayers to you sir. Don't give up. 🙏", "May that man live to see his daughter's wedding. 🙏", 'I hope he makes it!', 'GOD you already know what he needs!!!! Asking for healing!!!!!!', 'Hoo yah, praise Biden for bringing in the virus through the southern borders', 'This is heart breaking', "While I don't wish for the worst for this man, I have no pity and or sympathy left, for this man or this type of people.\nHe knew what he was doing, he infected other people - his family included.\nWhen you drive recklessly and you kill or injure other people, you go to jail. What if you  being fully aware of your actions, infect other people? Just think about that.", "This is a positive message in a sad and troubling wrapper.\nIt is almost tragic that this man (and potentially his family) have had to suffer this way.\nWell... They didn't have to.  Actually his lack of thought and probably lack of education condemned them to this possibility.\nIt is a thoroughly good thing that he has had another think and has gone public with his volte face.\nOne does wonder whether his views would have changed had he not contracted C19.\nWhat a very grim picture replicated worldwide. I wish him well.", 'Guess the Kung flu did not just “go away..”', 'Nice to see an american take responsibility for their actions and not blame someone else.', 'Well,one good thing might come of this...he might lose some weight.', 'he’s not the first or last to be on his death bed and realize just how bad he fucked up. My mom was like him also but she made it but its so dumb to have to deal with this and then only change after it affects you.', 'Hope he pulls through. Praying for him and his family.', 'The Delta Variant is more contagious but weaker \n  than the original Covid,Thanks to the people of India where it mutated.', 'CNN can you please also share the Vaccinated in the hospitals also?\nI want to know what they think about the vaccine', 'Praying for you and I pray this message will wake up the ones who did not get the vaccine', 'Life is fragile.  \nAnd those who are alive do not appreciate it.', '"Give me liberty, or give me death":\nCovid nearly gave him both!', 'sad.  may he wake the willfully ignorant.', 'Will pray that he survives....hopefully a lot of stubborn people will decide to take the vaccination. We did, our entire family has not gotten covid. No side effects, either.', 'please lord,help this man, no one should be suffering from this virus,please help him? thank you amen!🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼', 'I hope he survives, but the anti- vax people will just say George Soros poisoned him or he’s a crisis actor or something stupid. So he may as well just save his breath and rest.', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE  IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN', 'I understand there are 1000s of people who do not want to take this "experimental drug" to each his own, but if you get sick and have to go the hospital, don\'t you think of that hospital worker who has to take care of you? Or do you just say oh well that\'s what they signed up for?', 'Ok CNN lets see of i can guess the video before watching it. Unvaccinated man in the icu dying has regrets about not getting vaccine and now wish he got it. How was that?', 'Everybody in USA have to see these heartbreaking videos.Wear that damn mask.I know how ignoring they are,but they can save your life.Get the Vaccine 🙏☮', "Can they give you strong cough medicine in the ICU with COVID? Usually someone whose cough is *that* serious would get Tussionex or another hydrocodone based syrup but opioids further depress respiration and so I'm not sure it could be used when their problem is already struggling to breathe...", 'Father have mercy!', 'Another staged cnn report? \nHow are you still broadcasting after getting caught red-handed lying so much? Just asking', 'prayers for your recovery Sir.', 'I wish I could feel bad for him but I can not.  They have removed empathy from my life.  You made a choice to step in front of this train sport.', 'What ridiculous propaganda.', "You can not simply blame a virus when you put yourself in the high risk category by poor nutrition & non active lifestyle etc you can't expect your immune system to ice skate up a hill.", "What a pile of bs\n\nSurely anyone in there deathbeds don't have the energy to send CNN a clip of misinformation", 'With permission of the patient I fully believe that they should show these people in commercial type ads that are so ill and possibly on ventilators to fully show the painful truth about this horrible virus.  Some people learn from seeing things and that may do it for some.', '"No one respects the flame quite like the fool who\'s badly burned"', '“I messed up”. Yep, I just hope he didn’t spread his stupidity on to others.', "Even if the vaccine just helps a little bit, isn't that little bit worth getting it? I pray he makes it out of this.", 'He gets every bit of it.  Ef him.', 'This is hilariously fake ☠😅', 'watching these videos its got to a point i dont feel bad any more, i feel bad for his children', "People who are jabbed also dying by the thousands.  Tell both sides I know it's hard for CNN to do.", 'We all mess up. Given second chance. Do it right.  May Almighty heal you', 'Obesity took this man 😂', "Don't wish this on anyone!  Hope that he recovers.  😫", 'and when I log on to Facebook, I will see someone maskshaming within 5 minutes.', 'My prayers go out to you Travis.', 'There should be a neutral news outlet for everyone on the actual truths about the Coronavirus', "How recent was this? I'm assuming that he passed away", "I hope this man makes it through he's in my 🙏 prayers. I feel so sorry for him truly sad hang in there man.", 'Hell yeah forced evolution again!', "Just in: CDC's latest MMWR report: On July 30, 2021, this report was posted as an MMWR Early \n\r\nRelease on the MMWR website (https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr). \r\nDuring July 2021, 469 cases of COVID-19 associated \r\nwith multiple summer events and large public gatherings in \r\na town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, were identified \r\namong Massachusetts residents; vaccination coverage among \r\neligible Massachusetts residents was 69%. Approximately \r\nthree quarters (346; 74%) of cases occurred in fully vac-\r\ncinated persons (those who had completed a 2-dose course \r\nof mRNA vaccine [Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna] or had \r\nreceived a single dose of Janssen [Johnson & Johnson] vac-\r\ncine ≥14 days before exposure). Genomic sequencing of \r\nspecimens from 133 patients identified the B.1.617.2 (Delta) \r\nvariant of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, in \r\n119 (89%) and the Delta AY.3 sublineage in one (1%). Overall, \r\n274 (79%) vaccinated patients with breakthrough infection \r\nwere symptomatic. \n\nCan we now stop the lies that it's the unvaccinated causing the surge? STOP LYING GOD DAMN IT!!! \n\nThe vaccines DO NOT work!!!!\nMm", 'Prayers for you and your family', 'Hope he fully recovers - there’s so many people who are guilty of spreading this disinformation and making so much money from pushing their BS. They should be charged with culpable homicide.', "The ironic twist is that people that think like him won't believe his story.", 'But why should the vaccinated bear those financial costs? Insurers, led by government programs, should declare that medically-able, eligible people who choose not to be vaccinated are responsible for the full financial cost of COVID-related hospitalizations, effective in six weeks.', 'I guess keeping in shape never occurred to him either. How much did the guy weigh?', 'Lies on top of Lies', 'Praying for you.', "Please try to remember that Democrat Cory Bush's life is more important than mine , yours or your children's. These are her words.  Good job Missouri !!! Relect Representative Bush!!", "Wonder if he was at the wedding with Rashida Tlaib while dancing, or Obama's bday bash", 'On a side note. \nLindsey Graham voted for the everything but "infrastructure" bill  and got covid, ain\'t karma a b***h.', "I'm not a fan of CNN, or most major news networks for that matter, but showing the world this man's 1st hand experience is what people really need to see and hear.  After they see/hear from patients like this, as well as the best available data/science, then they are truly able to make their own decisions.  Even i would not make significant decisions based on CNN or Fox news.", 'At least he didn’t say “don’t shove it down my throat”.', 'The Lockdown is permanent!', 'Nah this would have been heartbreaking before the vaccine was available; now it’s at best annoying. This is the price of that ‘freedom’ these fools have been crying about for over a year. Save your concern for the people who can’t get vaccinated and are infected by people like this.', 'They say to lay on your tummy to help your breathing', 'Peoples politics is more important than their own lives and loved ones! The need to be right!', 'Stupidity is very much free and its consequences are very much costly.', 'My prayers are with you sir.', "Sold at flea market today in Greenville, SC. NO One had a mask on except me and my brother. Several kept talking to me about their Freedoms etc, and how masks or vax don't work. smh", 'Trump has a lot to answer for. Politicizing a pandemic. 😢. Blessings on this poor soul in the hospital🙏', 'Thank you God I looked at his page and he is improving', 'I hope people learn from this sweet man. I’m gonna pray for him. Now he is making me cry😭\nYou can tell that he is in pain.', "I pray that he can make it through this.  I am not going to judge him for not being vaccinated because I haven't gotten the vaccine either.  I pray that he will survive and be able to be with his kids.  I can't imagine how painful it is for his kids to have to see this", "Probably should read: In Case You Get Hit by a Bus: How to Organize Your Life Now for When You're Not Around Later.  A new title might be considered though:  In Case You Make Bad Choices and Get Covid....How to organize your life now for when you're not around later.", "Yes, if people could see these, but if you try to share and it's from CNN, they won't even watch.", 'more of the antivaxxer/antimasker need to goes through what this foolish man is going through so they can fix their stupidity', 'Health is a sacred privilege, don’t discard it…. Live a healthy life everyone ❤️ \n(Edit: I see a lot of uneducated and trolls under that little comment, all I have to say is that no amount of «\xa0government\xa0» conspiracy should matter more than your lives, you saw how many people die, your actions have consequences, deciding to spread misinformation when you clearly have no medical knowledge is very dangerous and I hope some of you will refrain from doing so, you are free to have your opinions, it doesn’t mean you can endanger lives with them.)', 'Awwwwwwww…. It is what it is…. :,(', 'this particular situation is one that occurred in the US', 'I have no sympathy for him, or any others who are in the same boat.', '2.3K downvotes.. MAGA still belives its still a hoax I see. how much dumber can people get, Thanks Trump!', "Let em go . We'll trim about 30 percent of next year's red state vote, at this rate.", 'I feel bad for the healthcare worker’s.', 'Meh, it’s natural selection at work. Problem is it’s screwing the rest of us who’ve done the right thing throughout this pandemic.', 'Oh no, another unvaccinated patient story suddenly pleading for ppl to get vaccinated. So heartbreaking…anyways.', 'This is why I stay healthy and in shape. This tub of lard stood no chance', 'U\nI don’t  know if I’m buying it he looks good to me', 'Praying for your recovery', 'That guy is obviously not really sick or dying 😂', 'Get well soon', 'So that’s a second burden to place on his teenage son - the first is having given him (and his sister) Covid.', "Im an ICU nurse and I've been working with these patients since the beginning. I see this exact scene everyday but I have to be numb at work. Its my job. But seeing it on the other side, not being at work, and being able to take it in, it's heart breaking and im tearing up right now. Please people. Get the vaccine.", 'Hey, he made that choice 🤷🏿\u200d♂️ I feel so sorry for his family but like he said he blames himself. I just hope and pray others learn from his experience avoiding the same outcome.', "I hate when people make stupid choices and then cry about it. You were all grown up making grown up choices now face them like a man. I don't feel bad for morons sorry", "Why would anyone not get vaccinated, just look at the damage it's doing in your community and to your neighbors.  If that doesn't work then turn on your TV to see how bad it is.", "I feel for this guy and his family and I hope that he has a complete recovery. There's so much we don't know about covid so be vigilant and follow the guidelines for dealing with it.", 'I pray he makes it😔🙏🏿', "Well sir I do have to ask you if you're happy that you owned the libs", 'Praying he heal fully', 'Truly sad, hopefully he pulls through', 'There are consequences to all our choices.', 'Praying he gets well', 'How can anyone not see past this propaganda?', "I feel bad for the healthcare workers dealing with self inflicted illness. It's like treating a drunk driver.", 'Hey does anyone out there still think this is a Chinese hoax?', "This isn't a confirmation of COVID-19. He Nevers says he has COVID-19. Be smarter than these people America", 'i dont trust TV Logic all the time, \nI trust my own perception\nI trusted UN and WHO reccomendations before USA did anything\nit was about a month and half before people started reacting', 'Add a another one to the "F around and find out" chronicles.', 'It is very sad the way Covid 19 has been politicized.', '…….uh…….let me see……. Uh…………what, wait, here we go………….. uh bummer…….  The drain on the hospital system.  I feel bad for the caregivers of this country.  That’s where my heart is, with the caregivers.  Shoulda woulda coulda', 'Interferon works just fine.', 'Could have kept himself healthier if they didn’t shut down gyms for a year!', 'Irresponsible parent of the year. If I found out I willfully gave my child covid, I’d want to drive off a cliff!', 'Wonder how many vaxxd ppl they skipped over to cherry pick this guy. My aunt fully vaxxed just got out hospital w covid. Whole house got it, vaxxd aunt went to hospital, unvaxx stepdad went hospital. Which one u think wouldve made the news? Mmhhm', "Have you been wearing a mask at all times? That's the FIRST question you need to answer.", "A hint. The Mayo Clinic is now a technology investor's business venture operation.", 'As a nurse in Florida, the rise in pediatric COVID cases are baffling. The anxiety before every shift is so much I’m sleeping 3 hrs a day. God give us strength 😞', "So sad. Prayers to Travis and ALL of us. Vaccinated or not. It's not a trivia matter. Hope Travis makes it out of this. ❤🌷", 'Honestly man I don’t feel any sympathy. Call me cold hearted etc. Idc this man choose to let a medical decision be fueled by politics and he’s hate for the other side. His politics got home killed. On top of that his politics hurt his children as well. As soon as a the vaccine became available I got it because I decided to ask the COVID Kaiser hotline. Should I get the vaccine. I didn’t ask msnbc, randos on Twitter, or some YouTube videos that validate my beliefs. I’m sorry stupidity doesn’t deserve sympathy.', 'hopefully, if he makes it he does not become even worse “oh sweet lord jesus chose me to speak for him” … and then it does not become a race between how much more stupid things he gets to say and how long he does it for…. I sincerely hope that in his ‘take full responsibility’ mode he does not drift further into delusions', 'why does it take getting it to come to ones senses?', 'My mom keeps saying if she dies, it will breathing fresh air. Breaks my heart. I try to explain, if you get this you won’t be breathing fresh air! 💔', '🤳🤦\u200d♂️🤷\u200d♂️🕺 he decided to not get vaccinated so all I can say is good luck to his children', "You fear mongering evil people. I bet my house you haven't taken the jab.", 'Show the stories about the families who lost from getting the vaccine', "Like you are safe if you're vaccinated, right now people i know are in the icu although they're vaccinated a while ago", 'At this point in time, all I can say is “thoughts and prayers.”', 'A sad statement about petty politics. People would rather take a defiant stance on partisan policy over survival. Totally against our natural instincts.', 'What about the people with life changing illnesses due to the vaccine?   What about that or does it not matter?', '"Covid" is not what killed this beta. Low T.', 'I hate politics…\nIt’s literally killing people now!', 'That’s incredibly sad man…. 😢😢😢 My word. Smarten up people…smarten up…', 'as they just prove and continuously. After the pandemic, everything in my life took a nose dive and all I could do is listen to songs that motivates and keeps me focused. Just like that, God led me to a woman, Mrs Lyra Holt Dean who is into cryptocurrency analyses and I followed that inner voice and let God lead the way. I can now say my life. Has gotten way better that it was both in my finances and most especially, my faith in God. I know it has been really hard for a lot of families out there if this can also help you. She is popular you can find her name online Lyra Holt Dean  and I took the bold step. Message  @lyradean on tele gram. Now I can comfortably live the life I have always wanted and I have 2 orphanage homes thanks to the glory of God.. Keep your faith in God and he will never forget nor forsake you…', 'Praying for you Travis.', 'Seems like acting to me and very poor acting at that 🤣🤣', 'FAKE. PERIOD.\nGreetings from Amsterdam! 😘', "I used to be angry with people like this man, but today I'm just really understanding and he seems like a great everyday person -- a neighbor, a friend, a co-worker, the father of your friend. I am really hoping he pulls through.  It says a lot about his character when he decides to film and make public his experience despite whatever backlash and judgment he knew he would get for not being vaccinated. There were numerous politicians, President Donald Trump to name who, who flat out lied, manipulated, and obstructed our handling of Covid19 and many people are suffering for it. *I don't understand how there are no laws (or the will to enforce existing laws) to protect the public from politicians who would use their public platform, power of their office and trust of the people who elected them, to do such great and long-lasting harm to people and country*", 'My family and I had covid but never got sick I gues we are the few that have better amunity than others', 'I got the blood clots in my lung was in the hospital was very scary and it is very hard to breath prayers to you and youre family to get better', 'Thanks for sharing-everyone get vaccinated', '😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭have mercy father on this man and his family.', 'If PHUCK AROUND AND FIND OUT, was a person.\nEy, for reals though, get the shot.', 'Very sad. America is in similar shape to this man. I hope both make it. Embrace peaceful change. Love your neighbour. Give to the poor. Get a vaccine. Good luck!', "Yes,  everyone thinks they are SPECIAL.  That they're not going to get it.  So scared of the vaccine,, saying it's their life,  and they want to live it the way they want to.   I guess they think very LITTLE of life if they are willing to risk it and end up living their last days gasping for a breath like that poor soul.", 'Why isn’t CNN running the death toll count at the bottom of the screen when Trump was president?  Might pick up 300-400 more viewers', "I'm sending prayers now. Dont give up. Dont let go. Keep fighting.", 'You cannot change the minds of the people who believed you know who?', 'Will if he was in good old Florida he would of got a treatment for the frist stage and it would not get worse  Another propaganda to get the shot', 'Every right winger will think this is a commie plot.', 'Too little too late 🔥🔥🔥🧑🏻🔥🔥🔥', 'Many years ago, I had a collapsed lung.  It was one of the most painful things I know.', 'People need to see more of these stories. Some will believe and some won’t. Some probably thinks he was paid to perform.  I just wish he would have recorded a message to his 14yr old son and not call and burden his young mind with things of the future.  I can’t IMAGINE what his young mind is going thru AFTER THAT CALL. His dad sick and in ICU, his sisters sick, THEN his dad calls him to ask about walking his sister down the isle. Wow!', 'I pitty the ones that believe in Covid, science vaccines and got covid because of ignorants like him', 'Consequences for your actions…unfortunately!!', 'I know people who would actually dare to disbelieve this and accuse him of being an ACTOR.', 'Heartbreaking... LMAO!', 'Praying for you to survive.', "I caught covid granted I felt like crap for 2 weeks but at no point did I feel like I was dying. I'm not saying that can't happen but I don't think it's as deadly as they are saying.", 'If you make videos showing your battle with covid Facebook will allow that... But if you make videos talking about your battle with the vaccine side effects they will censor it.', 'These people don’t  give a damn about people dying until they became one of those people.', '🙏🏽🙏🏽', '78% of all Covid patients in the icu are overweight and obese. Shhh can’t talk about that though. Maybe living a healthy lifestyle and not being obese would of helped.', "There is 0 chance that ppl who live through this don't have long term damage. I don't wanna see the taxpayers have to make sure these ppl have comfortable lives when they file for disability. 911 Hero's arent getting it, these ppl certainly don't deserve it.", 'I vaxxed and I got it immediately when it was available!', "Too sad! This poor dude is laying in bed thinking of what he's gonna miss with kids. I pray he makes it. How many Senators got the shot? Even 45 got the shot! Don't go thru this yall!! Protect yourselves!", 'I guess stupidity isn’t heartbreaking until someone gets hurt.', 'Praying for you', 'Omg. So sad. 💔', 'Doctors are wondering why this dude is still here. Was discharged five days ago...', 'COMEDY NEWS NETWORK IS PLAYING ON YOUR HEART STRINGS AGAIN. WAKE UP TO MEDICAL TYRANNY AMERICA!', 'I’m not anti vaccine. If it even works? However. I won’t be a guinea pig. When the vaccine is approved. I’ll go for it. Until then...I wear masks everywhere. \nI’m sorry for this man. I’m sorry for myself  if I didn’t  get it and this happens. It could’ve happened to anyone. Even if vaccinated', "travis - don't give up.  you can make it.", 'He didnt get the vaccine, but did he take vitamins to prevent getting sick, did he wear a mask? Before u say mask dont work, my brother works in a hotel and religiously wore his mask until the mask mandate was removed and he stopped wearing his mask. He then caught covid. Its obvious masks do work and now that people are no longer wearing them, the cases are rising.', 'I really hope he lives and learns from this. I’ve seen enough people suffer from Covid already in the field.', "Now u know... wise up, america! \nUse your common sense, for god's sake!", 'In  1967   Bobby Gentry wrote and sang the famous tune  "Ode to Billy Joe".   One line in the song goes  "  There was a virus going round,  Papa caught it and he died last spring,  now Mother doesn\'t want to do much of anything".     So this virus  being a known cause of early death for millions of Americans dates back to 1967,  when the average life span of Americans was in the range of  68 to 72 years of age,   based on all known causes of death.  Today the average life span of Americans is  79 years of age, but the average age of deaths from Covid 19 is 80 years old.   Draw your own conclusions.', "Anti-vaxxers: you can't fool me! That's an actor!", "If he was unvaccinated then he should have had a mask on in public and he wouldn't be in that situation. Hope he gets well.", 'Prayers that he will pull through 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽', 'Praying for Travis and his family! 🙏🏽This is the reality of this awful pandemic and people must take this seriously…or we will continue to see more stories like this.', 'Praying he make it thru this 🙏🏽 🙌🏽', 'My favourite part was when he was like, back in the hospital…. It’s real…', 'I don’t care about people who don’t care about themselves enough to do the things they need to do to live🤷\u200d♂️\n\nIf they don’t care, how can I?', 'I hope he pulls through.', 'What about the people he hurt, fraction of a human being..... his children deserved better.....', 'Another over weight unhealthy american.... Im healthy, got it, got over it in one day, been clearing it out of my body for 4 days now and im pretty much back to normal. I experienced the breathing difficulty for 1 day when it hit me the hardest but like i said, health is important to me in my life as i get sick easily because of a low immune system. Yet i can beat covid easily.... I think we need to be addressing the health problems in this country and many other "first world" countries instead of forcing people on a vaccine that even the creators don\'t understand what the long term effects are on the human body. People need to go look up Tcells, mRNA vaccines, and go look at the information on the CDC. You\'ll be surprised at what you find when you do a little of your own research instead of being fed fear and minimal information by these news channels from people who have NO MEDICAL BACKGROUNDS. People need to wake up.', 'I’m sorry this happened seriously, but this MISFORMATION IS Scary then actually virus 🦠', 'No sympathy for him at all! Prayers for his children', 'God bless you !!', 'You listened to your politician where are they now still telling the big lie shame on them!', 'This is so sad…smh.', "Are you sure this guy isn't a crisis actor?", 'It happens to someone you know it is a recession but if to happens to you it is a depression. The same holds true for covid-19 but here people are still dying just like smoking this can stop but will it?\nI hope the best for this guy and his family and I hope this is a wake-up call to get the vaccine. How many people have to die?', 'We are with you. May you return to health.', 'My man literally gained weight in hospital', "I hope they are ok.  It seems like a lot of them looked overweight. If covid didn't send them to the hospital diabetes, heart disease or something else would of.  Covid makes a lot of people sick but covid/obesity seems to make it alot worse.", 'You are big guy be strong 💪', 'Sir you are in my prayers and praying for your recovery. This is heartbreaking. 🙏🙏', 'My coworker got blood cancer one month after taking it. Liars', 'I have a few vaccinated covid stories I could share with CNN.', "I don't wish for this happen to anyone at all... please for the love of God just  take the damn vaccine and maybe y'all will get a reward", 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'Hindsight is 20/20.', 'This is exactly why people need to be vaccinated.', 'At 6:03, no it won\'t. Got a patient, got hit twice already and had multiple family members died within the past couple months, he still won\'t get the vaccine.\n"I don\'t know whaz in it. I don\'t trust it"\n"But you go eat in one of those them fast food chains?"\n"Yea, I do"\n"Do you know whaz in it?"\n"......"', 'IT IS STILL A CHOICE! QUIT TRYING TO FORCE PEOPLE! ITS A CHOICE! NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!', 'This is heartbreaking. Get the vaccine people. It’s not a cure , however it can prevent you from falling terribly ill beyond repair.', 'He’s also overweight.', 'Great way to "own the libs" am I right?, sadly conservatives don\'t care about what happens to everyone until it happens to them, that\'s their mentality for social rights, economy , climate change, healthcare, police brutality and many many more issues.', 'this is some post 9-11 level fearmongering', "😥 I better run out and grab that shot....I can't believe I waited", 'It is understandable to believe CoVid exists but that it might NEVER touch you.\n\nThe scary part is when it DOES.\n\nBe safe, everybody!', 'I do not get joy from seeing anyone who was tricked by conspiracy theorist... Its sad.. I pray he makes it', "I really hope he recovers it's Sad to see. Can we also report and see the other 90% of the people with covid who have made it through. Some interviews with them might be great for a rounded more impartial report.", 'Repeat a lie a million times until it becomes the truth. The American way.', 'You can pretend like you didn’t get the vaccine when you’re with your friends. They don’t have to know just get it in secret as long as you get it.', 'Was he In good health before this?', 'I hope he will be ok.', 'Please God help him in Jesus name!', 'Hopefully, he’ll be okay.', 'The Antichrist is going to love you people', 'Another person with excess pounds that caught it.', "Now make a video interviewing the millions who didn't have any issues. Stop selling fear. We were never going to stop it, just slow it down to not get overwhelmed.  The only place to have has that happen is in the cess pit called NY.", 'He is not getting any sympathy from me, why do people never listen to science', "This is happening all over the United States since Joe Biden open the Border a Democrat problem they can't see", "I thought that when Trump was gone we wouldn't still be in this spot. My heart is so heavy for this man and I hope he survives, a changed person. I do though feel daily outrage at people like him risking other's lives with their narrow minded stubborness, and I can't help wonder who else he has infected.", 'I pray every one who is not vaccinated sees this', "I usually feel angry about people who choose not to be vaccinated, especially when I can't access one currently where I live. But I just feel sad for this guy. Hope he pulls through", 'It will make no difference to others who said the same thing re the vaccinne. Hope he feels better soon. But others will say this is a hoax.', 'Those  people who don’t believe  covid their will be a consequence .', 'I wish you all the good health brother. I wish your family safety and health and long prosperous and happy  life. This lesson is enough. I hope people learn from this experience and get vaxxed ASAP', 'I feel sorry for his family.', 'I was in Coldstone yesterday and was standing in line behind a family of 5 (3 kids) all without masks. I thought it must suck to have stupid parents.', 'Who convinced this man to not get vaccinated blood on their hands', 'Just take note that obesity complicates this illness and all other illnesses', "How often do yall adjust your likes? Cus that ain't accurate 🤣", 'Covid is a slow motion drowning.', 'so my pro guss is, biden did win by 35-40 million voters, its like no1 did know donald j trump was even running for 4 more year"|', "Get the covid vaccine and fast, unless you'll be hospitalized!", "My dad's friend just died from covid...he was fully vaccinated!!!! Cnn stop trying to make it seem like vaccinated people can't get covid and die too. Instead doctors never tell you how to improve your health taking in more vitamins, working out, watching what you eat lmao..", "Hope you make it through. But this also happens to the vaccinated too. The media just doesn't talk about it.", 'Lies. The hospital killed him.', 'Mr.Jaxson got the shot', 'I know getting the vaccine was a good decision for me, but I wish someone had told me that it can make fibromyalgia patients feel awful for a couple days. I should have had someone with me for the 48hrs following my injection.', 'And those still are claiming this is "fake". Thanks Cheeto Jesus.', 'Post them videos on every/all network and cable channels commercials!  All non believers need to see!', "Sad to hear and see this. Godspeed recovery pal...All GOP anti-vaxxer must see this......If you wanna die, die don't kill others around you......", 'Awful, praying for this man and his family. Praying 🙏🙏🙏', 'Mexican Soup Operas should take a look at this ... Lol', 'His friends took the vaccine and past him the mutant pokemon virus', 'Wow.  In the intensive care unit and all he thought about was getting on social medial.', "Sad, definitely sending up prayers.. eat healthy and live a healthy active lifestyle as to not weaken the immune system and become obese, can't imagine how much worse it may have been had he got shot up...", 'This guy totally owned was the libs. Keep up the great work republicans ffs', 'according to redhats, this man is a crisis actor', "Conservatives won't believe his story because CNN aired it.", 'Repubs just prey on the weak', 'Hes called an "actor"', '🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾', 'I feel terrible for Travis. 😟', "It doesn't matter how many of these sad too late videos are shown.  It's too late for the shot after you end up in the hospital.\nAnd none of these people care untill it's too late.", 'Regrets happens in the end', "This still isn't enough to convince some people. They'll literally have to die themselves.", "Is there any update from this man? I don't have a Facebook.", 'I’m blind and have no limbs so I’m hear typing this comment to see how serious it is', 'Why isn’t he wearing a mask', 'Stay safe and hope you recover sir. Everyone is allowed to make their own choice. \n\nHowever...\nMy choice is my own. I will own my choice. \n\nBest of luck to you.', 'I hope you pull through Travis....keep fighting 🙏❤', 'I am 65 years old.  Death is a reality to me.  But, this is NOT how I want to go! I am vaccinated. The Grim Reaper will have to find another way to take me out.', "This is devastating, but so many people just won't listen; won't believe.  I didn't hesitate to get vaccinated as did my adult children.  The thought that I could put my grandchild at risk was enough for me.  I still wear a mask when indoors with the public. I'll pray for this man's recovery and for his like minded friends and family members so that they can avoid learning the hard way.", 'We should see more testimony like this.', "Don't follow social media was the truest thing he said", 'So many on their deathbed saying ‘ I thought it wasn’t real? It was a hoax?’ Trumplicans have blood on their hands for so much misinformation and quite frankly lying to their constituents. It’s such a sad waste of life.', 'Sooooo very sad 😥', 'I was fine until I watched the footage of him asking asking his 14 year old Son to stand in his stead at his daughters wedding. I couldn’t imagine having this conversation with my year old son about his eight month old sister.', "dear god , i don't call them elite.|", 'Just wait, the right will say he is an actor. Oh, nevermind they already are!', 'Life is indeed a big picture. Hope you can pull through this, and thanks for sharing your story with the world.', 'That is heartbreaking!   I hope he pulls through.🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻', 'They should share the stories of those who got Covid and were back on their feet after a few days.', 'Heartbreaking? Not for me…..', 'He messed up alright, by being obese', 'Many scholars in the Philippines initiated an investigation of Fort Detrick in the United States.\n As early as 2019, Fort Detrick was closed due to an abnormal accident, and then an unknown disease of “e-cigarette” lung cancer appeared in the United States, and then the United States was infected and spread the virus on a large scale, so many scholars in the Philippines initiated  For the investigation of Fort Detrick in the United States, they plan to raise 1,000 signatures in the short term and thoroughly investigate the situation in Fort Detrick in the United States.', 'Report the vaccinated persons that are also in ICU too. There are many vaccinated people sick too however, they just want to report and single out the unvaccinated. It’s like the vaccinated vs the unvaccinated. PURE MIND GAMES!!!!!!', 'Take some real medicine , like the one your government has banned . You will get better !', '74% of new covid patients in massachusetts are vaccinated', '#Plandemic #CrisisActor #Propaganda', 'Gee…..I wonder if the two hosts at the end of this clip have been vaccinated?   Notice that politicians and TV hosts don’t boast that they have been vaccinated and proudly show of their vaccine certificate……funny that.', 'You dont have to regret it u prolly dont know what r the stuff in it it can prolly reduce ur immune system might get cancer and stuff', '"My body my decision" that\'s what they say, but you can spread the virus to your family other people so may be reconsider.', 'he looks like he was unhealthy before he got covid and we all know covid just makes it worse. Go out and exercise', 'One sided.. now show the vaccinated sick people.', "The parable of the 10 virgins tells me I'm not responsible for others and will not take any jab to protect other people! I almost died from this BIOWEAPON yet expect no one to accomodate me by injecting experimental drugs out of guilt in order to protect others! This is a cunning teaching that is guilt infused that's from the accuser not from Christ Jesus! We only have soundness of mind if we are not living in fear! 2 Timothy 1:7", 'There’s reports now of blood clots caused by the vaccines. Will you be reporting on that or covering that story up. Only 1/2 of the doctors and nurses aren’t vaccinated. Do they know something we don’t.', 'He says he takes responsibility, but he can’t. It’s not just about yourself, it’s more about not hurting others by spreading the virus and taking up healthcare resources that others may need.', 'I don’t get it, I just don’t get it.', 'He got the varient from vaccinated people.', 'I hope he gets better. So sad…', 'Hope you have a space ship behind a comet to go to. Even Heavens gate was not as insane as the GOP is.', 'Yes, politicians lied to him but he chose to believe it.  So many do.  What responsibility do people like him bear for believing the lies?', 'This won\'t help anyone in his culture.  Their thinking is, "when God says it\'s my time to go, it\'s my time to go".  You can\'t re-program those that are long gone from reality and heads are buried in the bible.', 'Oh God, help him!, I am vaxxed. I lost my sister to this horrible disease and watched the last 4 days of her life dwindled on that ventilator. Please, help Travis to get well, it be Your will. Amen!', '"The wise see danger coming and avoid it, but the fool keeps going and suffers because of it."       -- The Bible', 'I am Pretty sure after he gets better he will be consuming right wing  anti vax media & vote for similar Politicians.', 'That being said as an unamerican, beside the sheer stupidity,  ideologie,   partisanship and many other adjectives,  what is the cost of surviving,  I mean financial cost imposed by a private medical system base on profit ?!\nThat is he nails in the coffin if you survive.\nThey is no way out...', 'Please let us know if he recovers.', 'Crisis actor alert.', 'Nobody learns until someone dies. So sad', "Sympathy for this man?  Of course.  But I have more sympathy for his children.  Heartbreaking?  Yes.  But also very angry about the concept of a Republican political agenda that is born out of pure stupidity and doesn't give a rat's behind about the lives of Americans in order to gain political power.  Nothing worse than leaving your family behind to satisfy Fox News and the majority of our elected Republican officials.", 'Obesity is the #1 comorbidity ….Give that man some Ivermectin.  It will probably save him, even now.', 'Man, I was losing breath just watching him try to speak.  Wow.  \nGet the shot folks.', 'All the these people they show are very over weight', 'Here come the "this guy is a crisis actor" lunatics...', '🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻', 'Enjoy feeding worms', "Well, well, well, that's all i can say!", "He didn't avoid the dessert table though, did he. He avoided the gym as well so what more can one say?", "And still there are people out there who will not believe and think they can resist by sheer will, hopefully they won't be making a video like this.", "Not hard to watch at all. It's a shame.", 'This is a straight question, how do you get people to believe it’s real and get the vaccine? Somebody have an answer?', 'Why aren’t we focusing on treatments for covid? All I hear is vaccinate. No treatments offered once you get it besides supportive care. And of all the cases I’ve seen, vaccinated and unvaccinated, have all been really ill. It doesn’t seem to matter if you had the vaccine as far as severity of symptoms. I know one vaccinated person on a vent and not expected to make it. One non vaccinated on a vent. 3 vaccinated people I sent to the ER who had fevers of 104-105 and severe chest pain and difficulty breathing. We need focus to switch over to treatment. Civid is here to stay no matter how many vaccinate.', "I should say I'm sorry for his pain, but he brought his pain on himself. Hope the non believing trumpsters will take heart.", "I don't wish anyone ill will. But I'm not shedding a single tear for people who spread misinformation and then got smacked in the face with the consequences of their actions, specially if it affects all of us.", 'You tune to fox News and all you hear is how caravans of immigrants are invading us and are going to take your job 🤦\u200d♂️🤦\u200d♂️🤦\u200d♂️', "It doesn't do any good to show these things, he isn't the first, won't be the last and people just like him still refuse to do the right thing. Cowardly actions and lies have killed more people than we will meet in a life time. I don't feel sorry for him in the least, I have no time for petty cowards wishing they had done the right thing. They have remorse only for themselves with no thought at all for those they have infected on a daily basis.", "Don't fall for the RIGHT WING FAKE MEDIA! Listen to REAL NEWS!", "If covid didn't motivate fat people to lose weight i don't know what will.", "For God sake, give him ivermectin.....what's wrong with his doctors....its a crime against humanity....", "Ron De Santis disapproved of this video. Idiots recant their previous intransigence, but they\nwill continue in every other gambit in life. 'I won't be able to give my daughter away. . .'  \nNobody cares, despite the phony words by TV hosts.", 'What an agony. I hope you will recover and testify', 'Life is fragile.  \r\nAnd those who are alive do not appreciate it.', 'He’s obese 🤔', 'ILL PRAY YOU WILL GET BETTER.', 'Something you will never see on Fox News. Keeping their viewers uninformed or misinformed is their job.😒', 'Politicalizing covid was wrong, it should have been like any other life or death situation...choice life.  It’s too late after you catch covid!', "I didn't want the vaccine, not cause of the bullshit on social media but because of my own personal preference. My immune system was doing me right so far so I wanted to hinge on it. As time passed, I realized I needed to worry about the people around me who won't be so lucky so I caved and I've never been more happier that I made that decision. I'm not gonna sit here and give lectures to the people who haven't gotten it, if you don't want it, cool with me. If you do, also cool with me. I'm not here to say whose right or wrong or to pick sides, just do whatever you feel is best! 🙏", 'Charlie Chester did say Covid fear boosts ratings. Y’all put that death counter back up yet?', 'Trials-based vaccination is the solution to all our problems.', 'When his voice changed, it sounded like my dad when he got it. Totally messed me up.', 'So he over weight god bless him so if you don’t eat right or exercise  this what happens!! He don’t look like a healthy man', 'CNN makes think the Delta variant was made in a ccp lab.', 'Three women in my pharmacy today got vaccinated while I was waiting.', 'Il never get the vaccine or wear a mask again...🤷\u200d♂️', 'I was against the vaccine a couple months ago but after hearing multiple story’s like this it has made me change my opinion on this vaccine\nEveryone get vaccinated', 'He has medical condition for sure like before people were dying and getting sick from flu because of immune system low or medical condition so shut up dude he got probably paid to make this BS video', 'Remove the TV from your home.', '🙏🙏', 'looks like he has co morbidities', "It's never a problem for anti-science folks unless it affects them personally.", '*VERY FEW PEOPLE are advocating NOT getting the vaccine. Most of us are merely standing up for EVERYONE’S RIGHT TO MAKE THEIR OWN CHOICE!*\n*If you have risk factors (overweight, high blood pressure, poor circulation, heart or lung disease, or ESPECIALLY diabetes of any kind– Type 1, type 2, pre-diabetes, or even “insulin resistance”), then by all means, go get the vaccine!*\n*But MOST IMPORTANT OF ALL, all citizens must be allowed to CHOOSE for themselves and their children, WITHOUT PENALTY.*', 'May jesus christ heal you man', "Perhaps health and fitness should have bee a priority, along with common sense.  Nobody wants to work out until they're sick or have heart disease. These people refusing a vaccine because of politics, and this is the sentence. Sorry, no sympathy.", "Maybe if that overweight fella had eaten more salads, and done more cardio, he wouldn't be in this predicament.", 'He may have made the wrong decision but still feel terrible for him and his family 😢', 'survival of the smartest, I suppose.....', 'Would love to see what the vaccinated people dying of covid say before they die.', "Unfortunately this isn't going to change people's mind. No matter of diary will change people's opinions who have already made up mind. Think about it, there were enough people died and suffered before him, and that didn't change his mind to get vaccinated until he got the virus.", "What can I say? If he didn't get sick then he'd still be one of those fighting against being vaccinated.", 'This is why you need to get vaccinated', 'being stupid always have a price, thats just life', 'If you are obese Covid is coming for you, vaccine or no vaccine. And if you are anti-vax, right about now is when your ignorance can cost you your life and the life of others around you.', 'Should be an idol', 'This is what happens when you follow Republicans like they’re Gods 🤦🏻\u200d♂️', "As sad as this is, I really don't have any sympathy for the anti-vaxxer's anymore. The ONLY way they're gonna learn something is when it DIRECTLY affects them, otherwise its 'fake news'.", "People who think like him either, won't believe him until they get it. Or they die denying they have it. This is plain and simple, politics isn't worth your life. So stop being stubborn, and take your god damn medicine.", 'people should stop playing crazy politics. \nwear the mask at least if you do not care about the vaccine.', 'I hope he makes it through 🙏', 'At least he takes the responsibility and does t blame anyone else for him getting sick.  And this will get me some hate but just keeping it real,  I feel no sympathy for him or anyone else who gets sick and didn’t get the shot. If they die then it’s less stupid people in the world.  Also I know people who have gotten vaccinated have gotten sick, but they don’t get this bad.', "It's such a sad thing that we don't have a vaccine for stupidity", 'I need to get my second shot tomorrow, but I got sick with cold and running low grade fever,still hoping to get vaccinated tomorrow, but I do not think I would be able to(((', 'What about those fully vaccinated people who are dying? Does their lives matter? Hope this man makes a full recovery.', 'He also needs to eat healthy and exercise.', "We have seen CNN fake things before.  How can we know this isn't fake?", 'They just keep beating this dead horse.', 'Yup ppl will think this is an act ! It’s not', "Sadly, the only people with empathy to feel for this man are already vaccinated or on way to, the rest of the people that don't want the vaccine, not even to protect others, are unfazed by this person's plea in the possibly last hours of consciousness before he needs a ventilator.", 'Get better Travis!', 'I\'ve lost all patience for these people and their ridiculous stories. They chose vanity, arrogance and "freedom" at the risk of their neighbors\' health, placing serious, unnecessary strain on the health care system, health care workers and the economy in the process. \nHe should have had to wait in line for care behind every last trauma, cancer, heart attack, stroke and accident victim needing attention, but instead, he\'s sucking up the space, personnel and resources they\'ll need because he chose ignorance and arrogance. I\'ve got nothing for him but contempt.', 'Not heartbreaking.', 'My sympathy is limited.  How many has he infected through his apathy?', 'On the other hand ... my grandfather just died of covid 19 .... he was vaccinated 4 months ago', 'His body doesnt look healthy to begin with', 'Johnson and Johnson had a product that if you put on your body on your body you caught cancer now you guys wanna put a product they made inside your body wow'], ['This is PRIVILEGE allright. Athletes werent allow to leave the bubble and yet here she was.', 'How did she get all the way to Japan, compete, then work out she had to quit the team event, then come back out for individual beam?', 'For the CNN viewers: \nYour country have won wrestling gold medal in the Olympics,  you should know.', 'So she got black privilege in Japan?', 'CNN makes me believe the Delta variant was released from a CCP LAB', 'Thank you to Juntendo University for your kindness to our athletes!', 'Show the winners', 'Biles bailed.', 'If she had an actual thing that gymnast go through and other people diagnos it as a problem...why so much hate about her amongst people? When your a strong jumper and your known to do really high jumps with alot of these "twisty" your bound to lose equalibrium🤷🏽\u200d♀️.', "Can't even imagine the overwhelming pressure Simone biles must be going through every time the Olympics comes around🤔", 'But as they say sometimes you got to fall down and get back up again🤔', 'not secret if anyone on YT can see it lol', 'The IOC president said the Tokyo Olympics "far exceeded my personal expectations".\n\n  At a press conference held in Tokyo on the same day, Bach said that he regarded Tokyo as "the city most prepared for the Olympics so far", citing the \'efficiency\' of measures against COVID-19, and that it turned out to be true.\n\n  "The Olympics have nothing to do with Tokyo\'s surge in COVID-19 cases," he said.\n\n  However, despite the IOC\'s positive evaluation of the Olympics, the cumulative number of confirmed COVID-19 related to the Tokyo Olympics has reached 400 by the 6th, and the number of corona19 confirmed in Tokyo, where the Olympics is being held, is exceeded 5,000 for the first time in history as of the 5th August.', 'Secret in Methylphenidatum', 'Great body', '"I like it better here... On Earth, I am nobody. But here... I am Den!!!" \n\n- HEAVY METAL (Taarakian: Bride of Christ)\n\n1 Corinthians 2\n"Brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of WISDOM, declaring unto you the TESTIMONY OF GOD!"\n\n"For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified."\n\n"And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling."\n\n"And my speech and my preaching\xa0was\xa0not with enticing words of man\'s wisdom, but in demonstration of the SPIRIT and of POWER!"\n\n"That your FAITH SHOULD NOT STAND IN THE WISDOM OF MEN, but in the POWER of God!"\n\n"Among the mature, however, we speak a message of WISDOM, but NOT the wisdom of this age or of the rulers of this age, who are coming to NOTHING!!!"\n\n"But we speak the WISDOM of God in a MYSTERY,\xa0even\xa0the hidden WISDOM, which God ordained before the world unto OUR GLORY!!!"\n\n"Which NONE of the princes of this world knew: for had they known\xa0it, they would NOT have crucified the Lord of GLORY!!!"\n\n"It is written... “NO EYE HAS SEEN, NO EAR HAS HEARD, NO HEART HAS IMAGINED, WHAT GOD HAS PREPARED FOR THOSE WHO LOVE HIM!!!"\xa0(Bride of Christ: Me 😎🎸)\n\n"But God hath REVEALED\xa0THEM \xa0UNTO US BY HIS SPIRIT: for the SPIRIT searcheth ALL things, yea, the deep things of God."\n\n"For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth NO man, but the SPIRIT of God."\n\n"Now we have received, NOT the spirit of the world, but the SPIRIT which is of God... That we might KNOW the things that are freely given to us of God."\n\n"Which things also we speak, not in the words which man\'s wisdom teacheth, but which the HOLY GHOST TEACHES; comparing spiritual things with spiritual."\n\n"But\xa0the\xa0natural man does NOT accept the things of the SPIRIT of God; for they are foolishness to him, and he is NOT ABLE TO UNDERSTAND\xa0THEM, because SPIRITUALLY they are DISCERNED!"\n\n"But he that is spiritual JUDGETH ALL THINGS, yet he himself is JUDGED OF NO MAN!"\n\n "Who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may INSTRUCT HIM... WE HAVE THE MIND OF CHRIST!" (The Bride of Christ)\n\nhttps://youtu.be/RWm7T-GgJnE', "Why haven't Yall reported on the patriotic olympians who won gold medals.  I forget you hate your own country that allows freedom of the press in the 1st place.", "And she didn't even need the secret gym.", 'Toyko is awesome place', '🙏🇯🇵🙏', '[Thomas Bach / IOC President: Billions of people around the world are accepting the success of this Olympic Games as a great message of hope.]\n\n IOC President Thomas Bach as well as other Olympic officials said that the Japanese government\'s quarantine measures were successful.\n\n [Brian McCloskey / Tokyo Olympic Advisory Expert Panel: I have confirmed that the (prevention) measures by the authorities have been very well done over the past 4 weeks.]\n\n As the self-congratulatory praise continued, the Japanese people were outraged.\n\n He called Bach an "Olympic aristocrat trapped in a delusion."\n\n "There is no hope for those in the medical field who risk their lives for the Olympics," he said.\n\n Despite the state of emergency, the cumulative number of confirmed cases in Japan has surpassed 1 million.\n\n In Japan, there is also an analysis that the Olympics created a festive atmosphere and influenced the spread of Corona 19.\n\n [Fumiko Nakata/Sapporo citizen: This is the first and last chance to see the Olympics in person in your life.  So I came out (to watch the marathon).]\n\n However, Prime Minister Suga called for criticism by drawing a line that the hosting of the Olympics and the spread of the coronavirus were not related.\n\n [Yoshihide Suga / Prime Minister of Japan (last 6th): I do not believe that the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases is due to the Olympics.]\n\n Today (7th), 22 additional people including volunteers were confirmed at the Athletes\' Village.\n\n A total of 209 people from the Tokyo Olympics have contracted COVID-19 so far.', 'hello everybody❤️', "Didn't have speed this time", 'she sure got the attention', "Where's the cry closet", 'Hiya!', 'And There it is. The United States people, half try to insult and rip her accomplishments down because of (do it for America and f your mental health) while a foreign country is supporting her and helping with her mental health. Really says something about our society', 'Show the winners', 'Love this story!  Thank you', 'Nice reporting job. It’s lovely to see this place. Thank you for focusing on positive thoughts for Simole Biles.', 'Look inside the quitters gym.', "See...not just white people have 'privilege'...in life", "I lost someone important to me too. It's messes you up man. I can't blame her. It's not the physical that's the problem,  it's the mental. She'll be good. It takes time to make it all make sense.", 'How is it a secret and everyone knows now 🤔', '.', "Poor girl nobody has any concept of the extreme pressure cooker that these elite athletes must operate in. Anyone remember when Tiger Woods couldn't hit a ball straight for several years and then got his mojo-back?  Simone you look after YOU girl and ignore what anyone 3lse is commenting about you.  YOU are pure gold anyway sweetheart, you don't need any more medals or anyone's approval you look after yourself young lady.", 'The Special Olympics called, they want their athlete back.', 'Why has CNN not fired Chris Cuomo?', '‘’...Away from the media,away from the cameras,away from the scrutiny”,says the media man with the camera crew who found the hideout.', 'We need more content on Simone! Too much coverage on the other athletes! I dont care about olympic gold in Swimming and track and field. Give me more Gymnastics bronze and secret gym stuff. I wanna know where shes going after we hold her the parade', 'Quitter!', 'Simone 👍👏 You Top', 'tmi imo. no wonder athletes go through mental stress..... they are uneccessarily and unwantingly treated like celebs, paparazzi following and talking about their every move, even though theyve spent there life just playing sports not expecting all this', 'Sounds like fake bs...still goat..many factors at play get real.!!##%"\'zz@?@》', '🤡', 'Unforgettable champion !', 'Simone Biles is a remarkable young woman and I wish her well. Congratulations 2 team USA', 'Thank you Junetendo gym for the support of our athlete.', "And still CNN doesn't cover Tamrya Mensa-Stock and her Unbelievably inspiring interview after she won the Gold Medal", 'I’m glad she triggered the right wing snowflakes. She knows she’s in the right and doesn’t care about their fake outrage.', 'Nobody really cares. Only 21,000 people watched this video.', "How come no coverage of Tamarya our Proud American Wrestling Gold Medalist Winner? Oh the CCP won't let you", "Word on the street is she loves the United States and it's citizens and wants to train without propaganda and protest", 'Cnn doesn’t talk about Biden for a reason, I encourage you to go look at what leftist orders he’s signing. \n   It’s so strange how this party likes having their rights taken away, they think it’s taking others rights away but they don’t realize that rights apply to them, delusional people.', 'Is that where she hides when she gets scared to compete?', 'Simone is awesome! F the haters.', 'I hope she gets an apology from all those people who called her a quitter!!!', 'He??', 'Quitter.', 'Antifa 👍', "Stop Asian hate. Asain don't hate others.", 'You may not know me, but I know everything about you - *Psalm 139:1*\nI know when you sit down and when you rise up - *Psalm 139:2*\nI am familiar with all your ways – *Psalm 139:3*\nEven the very hairs on your head are numbered - *Matthew 10:30*\nFor you were made in MY IMAGE - *Genesis 1:27*\nIn me you live and move and have your being – *Acts 17:26-28*\nI knew you even before you were concieved - *Jeremiah 1:5*\nI chose you when I planned creation - *Ephesians 1:11-12*\nYou were not a mistake, for all your days are written in my Book – *Psalm 139:15-16*\nI determinate the exact time of your birth and where you would live - *Acts 17:26*\nYou are fearfully and wonderfully made - *Psalm 139:14*\nI knit you together in your mother’s womb - *Psalm 139:13*\nAnd brough you forth on the day you were born - *Psalm 71:6*\nI have been misrepresented by those who don’t know me - *John 8:41-44*\nI am not distant  and angry but I am the complete expression of Love - *1John **4:16*\nAnd it is my desire to lavish my love on you. Simply, because you are my child and I am your Father - *1John 3:1*\nI offer you more than your earthly father ever could - *Matthew 7:11*\nFor I AM THE PERFECT FATHER - *Matthew 5:48*\nEvery good gift that you receive comes from my hand - *James 1:17*\nFor I am your provider and I meet all your needs - *Matthew 6:31-33*\nMy plan for your future has always been filled with hope - *Jeremiah 29:11*\n*BECAUSE I LOVE YOU WITH EVERLASTING LOVE* – *Jeremiah 31:3*\nMy thoughts toward you are countless as the sand on the seashore - *Psalm 139:17-18*\nAnd I rejoice over you with singing - *Zephaniah **3:17*\nI will never stop doing good to you - *Jeremiah 32:40*\nFor you are my treasure possession - *Exodus 19:5*\nI desire to establish you with all my heart and all my soul - *Jeremiah 32:41*\nAnd I want to show you great and marvelous things - *Jeremiah 33:3*\nIf you seek me with all your heart, you will find me – *Deuteronomy  **4:29*\nDeligh in me and I will give you the desires of your heart - *Psalm 37:4*\nFor it is I who gave you those desires - *Philippians 2:13*\nI am able to do more for you than you could possibly imagine - *Ephesians 3:20-21*\nFor I am your greatest encourager - *2Thessalonians **2:16**-17*\nI am also Father who comforts you in all your troubles - *2Corinthians 1:3-4*\nWhen you are brokenhearted, I am close to you - *Psalm 34:18*\nAs a shepherd carries a lamb, I have carried you close to my heart - *Isaiah 40:11*\nOne day I will wipe away every tear from your eyes and I will take away all the pain you have suffered on this earth - *Revelation 21:3-4*\nI am your Father and I love you even as I love my Son, Jesus Christ - *John 17:23*\nFor in Jesus my Love for you is revealed - *John 17:26*\nHe is the exact representation of my being - *Hebrews 1:3*\nHe came to demonstate that I am for you, not against you - *Romans 8:31*\nAnd to tell you that I am not counting your sins. Jesus died so that you and I could be reconciled - *2Corinthians 5:18-19*\nHis death was the ultimate expression of my love for you - *1John **4:10*\nI gave up everything I loved that I might gain your love - *Romans 8:31-32*\nIf you receive the gift of my Son Jesus Christ, you receive ME - *1John **2:23*\nAnd nothing will ever separate you from my Love again - *Romans 8:38-39*\nCome Home and I will throw the biggest party heaven has ever seen - *Luke 15:7*\nI have always been Father and will always be Father - *Ephesians 3:14-15*\n\nShalom, God bless you ❤️', "Hey I'm a big fan", 'Simone who ? Suni Lee is the winner', 'Quitter!', "That whiteboard is going to be worth millions...don't erase that note.", 'A legend she is!', 'CNN is manipulating you ALL, wake up!!!', "Okay, let's all move to Tokyo...", 'JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY O...F LIVING', 'Biden the clown 🤡🤡🤡', 'She is a great athlete and representative for the United States 🇺🇸', 'Will Ripley could not be more of a beta male if he tried.', 'Wtf is wrong with CNN?? There are Americans wining gold medals while carrying the American flag  and this is their coverage of it??', 'I see weakness.\nI see failure.', 'Simone is my favorite.', "We think it's appalling that you continue to champion Simone biles in the news instead of congratulating and doing news features on the gymnastics women team who have continued to compete one winning gold all around and you're not saying a word about her it's all about Biles Biles Biles! She should have been sent home but no she's stuck around so she would get all the attention which is what she wanted in the first place! It's ridiculous and shame on you for continuing to feature her when you should be featuring The teammates that did their job despite their own mental problems and physical problems!", 'havana syndrome', 'Quitter', 'We used to have "secret gyms" in America when racist Democrats wouldn\'t allow them to integrate, thus preventing a racial jungle.', 'YouTube... Dr Phillips More Justified', 'AZ State Senator Wendy Rogers\njust called for Arrests of those withholding the Servers and Routers to the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election!  🇺🇸🇺🇸\U0001fa96\U0001fa96', 'Is this the "quit zone??" or the  "I\'m done Dome"?   🐐🙄🙄🙄', 'It is so Empowering knowing young women of color can finally speak their mind and have a stage to inspire other women of color.', 'Had she done this before no one would blame her', "Biden isn't making any decisions, he is just doing what he is told to do.  In fact Biden isn't even capable of making decisions", 'Still have not heard one republican apologize or send any condolences to her for her family lost. Sad sacks', 'Most of u.s metals at olympics comes from white...from whiteness...90%', 'Libs like me like it in the keaster for Easter 🐣', 'People loosely blaming mental health issues discredits people who are really struggling with mental illnesses. Biles could have brought this up months ago, and allowed someone else to compete. But she fabricated this issue because she “wasn’t feeling it” and simply did not prepare. When sponsors began backing away, she came back. So this was all about money and quite simply, being a sore loser without class.', 'Two words: Kerri Strug.', 'Is that where she learned to be a quitter?', 'Simone is real winner...  she stood for doing the right thing. If she performed had injured only Sympathy pour in but life long she has to suffer. Instead she can come back more stronger how to handle situations like this for many others. God bless her!', "Something screwy is going on inside her head.  To compete and perform all her life at the highest level and then just walk away except for a less important last competition is not the mark of a winner!  I'm sure she is a nice person but this is the Olympics for Heaven's sake!  Find a way that's what winners do!", "She's a quitter!!", 'She loved all the media attention then blamed media for her lack of team spirit?😵In elite athletics it\'s called "head game.\'', 'go woke get broke', 'She lost', "QUITER SHE'S A AWESOME EXAMPLE FOR YOUNG GIRLS 🤣", 'Repent Jesus is coming soon Escape the wrath that is to come', 'lol Maybe she should be a democrat politician?.. She has the flip flops down already!..   ;- D', 'No one cares', "This fraud can't perform without drugs but her drugs are banned in Japan.", 'The Japanese government is accusing the Republic of Korea government of providing korean meal boxes to the Korean athletes participating in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, and the Japanese government continues to argue that food from Fukushima is safe.\n\nHowever, the Korean national team meal service center has been operated every time since the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Japan also operated a separate Japanese food service facility for the purpose of preventing food poisoning at the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. The United States also decided to procure its own meals using its own ingredients during Tokyo Olympic period.\n\nThere are suspicions that Japan\'s exceptionally sensitive reaction to Korean meal boxes is an attempt to divert public opinion elsewhere after the goal of the "Fukushima revival Olympics" has actually failed. Due to the spread of Covid-19, the Tokyo Olympics are more emphasizing the \'safety and safe Olympics\' than the \'revival Olympics\', and even this is being shaken by the explosive spread of Covid-19 in Japan.', "Imagine an american athelete that stopped for personal issues but not physical. And ignoring all the other athletes that did preform and got a medal..\n\nNo lets focus on the one that 'ran' wasting other athletes spots.", 'Dems like to reward quitters', "God doesn't exist! The Earth is flat! Simole Biles is white", 'Her falling flat on her back looks pretty staged', 'WHO CARES? \nWHO REMEMBERS BRONZE WINNERS?', 'Joe Rogan said that those are symptoms of abstinence because she normally takes Ritalin and this time she wasn’t allowed by Japan to take her drugs. I don’t know what to believe because Joe always knows what is talking about 🙃', 'She basically cheated and knew she wouldn’t win.', 'Liberal pundits "It\'s a act of heroism"\nConservative pundits "It\'s a act of cowardice"\nThe rest of us "It is what it is"', 'CNN dumbs down their stories more gooder so libs like me can understand 🤪', 'CNN dumbs down their stories more gooder so libs like me can understand 🤪', 'This was an unnecessary publication. Please leave Simone alone, the public scrutiny is enough…Let’s acknowledge the wins of the other Olympians and move forward for the sake of Mental Health.', 'Who else is sick of this traitor that gave Vladimir Putin 4 Gold Medals 🏅', "the CNN AUDIENCE STILL CAN NOT NAME A BETTER COUNTRY TO LIVE IN!...(the white european countries don't count)", 'Geez! I think the gay guy commercials cursed her!', 'I stand with Michael Che, they were just jokes.\nPeople need to lighten up.', "The Olympics must not exhibit any political or biased tendencies.  The host country, Japan, is also disseminating this information to athletes and officials who participated in the Olympics.  \nBut Japan, meanwhile, asked the IOC to require that athletes who participated in the Olympics pay a silent tribute to the victims on the day the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.  \n\nThe dropping of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima was not an easy decision made by the United States, the Allied Powers at the time, in that Japan, a war criminal country, did not give up on the war and continued to kill innocent people. Remembrance of the victims of the atomic bombing is no different from forcing people to visit Japanese shrines.  \n\nThis double aspect of Japan does not qualify as a host country for the Olympics, a place of global harmony, and even after the IOC rejected Japan's request to commemorate the atomic bombing unofficially, the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Committee said they plans to include a performance that  commemorate the victims of the atomic bombing in this Olympic closing ceremony. \n\nThis proves that Japan has not yet abandoned its role as a war criminal country rather than an Olympic host country. I hope that the people of the world will face this double aspect of Japan and correct their misconceptions about Japan. I also demand the IOC not to tolerate this double act of Japan, the host country of the Olympics, and take corresponding measures.\n\nAnd Dokdo is the island of the Republic of Korea.  But Tokyo Olympics committee marked the Dokdo as same color with japan island. As I know, United by emotion is the moto of this Olympic. But I'd like to ask Japan government and Tokyo Olympic Committee. Are you really believe you're operating this Olympic not to shame on the moto? I'm sick of Japan government 's twofold and double-faced aspect. I believe that is the real self of Japan which is deeply hidden. And Is IOC a puppet of Japan?  If not, how can IOC just ignore these rude and foolish actions of Tokyo Olympic Committee?  IOC can also be said to be irresponsible."], ["She's an epitome of Hope. Lord have mercy on her, she has so much to to still share with the world.🤗🤗🤗", "I can't imagine the kind of pain that she's going through...\nAnd still ...she can smile like 'she's okay'...\nGod bless you, girl💖", 'This girl is beautiful inside and out, she one of Gods angels. Sending love, light, prayers and hugs ❤️', 'I’m glad I got to know her and pray she out lives us all. Just an angel.', '"I prefer to call it rebellious hope." "Don\'t you want to see what happens if you don\'t give up?" So much wisdom.', '"It\'s not blind denial; I call it rebellious hope." \nAMEN. 🙏', 'Every time she speaks she makes me feel like life is more magical than we give it credit for.', 'So true Chris Quomo… “Anyone CAN, so few DO!”', 'She is so wise. A true poet. I can’t stand how good people suffer and evil ones keep going on being mean, uninhibited. She is the epitome of strength in this moment.', 'Lessons in humility. We need an army of nightbirdes to impact the whole world.', 'She is a poet and philosopher in everyday conversation. Amazing.', "This is one of the most profoundly beautiful interviews I've ever had the gift of seeing. Powerful! Much love from Ireland x x x", '"The music stops but I can still sing, I\'m pretty beat up but I still got dreams"\n-Nightbirde', "successful people don't become that way overnight .most  people you see  as a glance-wealth, a great career, purpose-is the result of hard work and hustle over time. I pray that anyone who reads this will be successful in life..", '“I’m planning my future not my legacy” i needed to hear that, and my body has goosebumps rn', "I am a Muslim and I pray to Allah a long and beautiful life for her. She's Wonderful and deserves to lead a happy and normal life like everyone.", "What is so tragic is the fact that cost was even a hurdle in her battle. In my country, this is unheard of. I'm happy she has the fund and support to get treatment, I can't help but think of all the people who don't.", 'She’s an amazing woman and I hope the very best for her.', "I can't seem to have enough of her positivity...such a beautiful soul inside out..God will see you through😇", 'everytime she smiles and says Hope, She makes me believe. May God See You Through.', 'This young woman is for sure one of the bravest and profoundly positive spirits I have ever seen anywhere.', "Everything that comes out of her mouth is like a gem, a nugget of gold. She is one of the most profound people I have ever heard speak. There's something incredibly deep and powerful about her words.\nPraying for you, Nightbird. Keep your head up.", '"Life\'s real failure is not realizing how close we are to success before giving up" Thomas Edison', 'Oh this breaks my heart what she has to go through. But I am proud of her strength to push!!!!! She is definitely the inspiration everyone needs today', '“Your gratitude will be your recovery.” Well said.', 'Beautiful interview. Talk about living with purpose. A true inspiration.', 'What a story… this audition killed me when she gave Simon a percent regarding survival.. 🤦🏻\u200d♂️🤦🏻\u200d♂️🤦🏻\u200d♂️. Beautiful inspirational girl! GOD BLESS', 'I have only ever called my daughter " my everyday grace" - until now, Nightbirde,  you are everyday grace. For all of us.', 'This is really sad to watch.. We need to appreciate what we have in this world and cherish what we have! This women is strong warrior. Stay strong and hope treatment goes well!', '"Just because it\'s a mystery, doesn\'t mean it\'s the absence of meaning"-Nightbird.', 'I don’t know how Cuomo got through this without bawling. Damn I can’t do this. She’s a light.', 'Chris: “why me? What is your answer.”\n\nNightbirde: “I try not to occupy myself with questions that are too big questions for myself to answer. It’s a waste of time.” She is so above and beyond in her reflections of life. This is deep wisdom. I am rooting for you Nightbirde. You ought to consider becoming a spiritual leader. You’re truly an inspiration and a gift to the world!', 'When you need to remind yourself to appreciate your life…', 'She is in a word, “beautiful”!', 'Omg I shed more than a tear.. I’ve had a “ fight “ And undergone 30 + brain surgeries due to Hydrocephalus since birth and I’m 42 and still fighting so don’t give up the “ fight “ I’m in your corner standing and cheering you on from the sidelines 🙏🤗🤗💙🤗', "She has the kind of spirit and introspection that we all need during these times.  It teaches us to take things as they come and don't look back and blame something else for our problems. Best of luck Nightbird.", 'She’s so beautiful and prey. Jesus heal her body and give her life back so she can spread the joy xxx\nMuch love huni. Xxxxxccc', 'She is so amazing! In and out, she just keep smiling. I could see her big heart that is full of hope. Stay positive as you are right now. Praying for your complete recovery nightbirde.', 'She is a poet and philosopher in everyday conversation. Amazing.', 'That has to be one of the most beautiful interviews I seen in a very long time! What an incredible woman Night Bird is! Amazing  👏', 'This entire interview brings me to tears. I wish I had a teeny ounce of her courage and grace.', 'When she speaks I can put my worrying into perspective. Can’t wait to hear your music! God bless u !', 'This beautiful soul has found her purpose. Her words are magic. The world needs more people like this.', 'She has the ability to articulate herself so beautifully amidst the pain and is thought provoking. She is truly inspirational and I feel emotional when she speaks. We all need a little if her outlook of life in every one of us. I feel blessed to have heard her sing hear her works as she speaks and a better person as a result. Wishing her a speedy recovery with love.', 'She is an angel sent to show us the way! ❤️ I’m praying for you Nightbirde and look forward to hearing that album.', 'She’s a piece of art painted by God as his most beautiful Masterpiece that everyone on earth should keep and be reminded of that the portrait we’re seeing will resonate to all who kept complaining of their lives being broke or overburden with debt. It’s amazing how a person like her could still manage to move forward and not giving up.', 'Such a beautiful woman, such a beautiful soul. The rest of us can learn so much from this special young woman!', 'From my own struggles with a lifetime of disabling illness: “Sometimes the answer to ‘Why me?’ Is ‘Why not me?’; and the seeming impossibility of hope is merely a failure of the imagination.”', 'What a wonderful professional interview with a beautiful awe inspiring person.We sometimes think we have problems but we should be inspired by Birde and her positive attitude in dealing with her situation.My thoughts and prayers are with you.', 'This lady is truly amazing and an inspiration to everyone.  I wish her the very best with her treatment and send lots of love and healing vibes to her xxx', '"When you\'re faced with to many blows to the gut...you find out what you\'re made of" I would say this is who you truly are! You just don\'t know it until you\'ve been hit! This is who you are, because this is who you always have been. Dream on sweet angel! Dreams are good too.', 'She is a very brave young lady with a beautiful voice and positive attitude.', '"Not denying the pain of today and not denying the pain of tomorrow. " words full of wisdom ✨', 'Jane "Nightbirde" Marczewski is the most courageous and has such a beautiful soul.', 'I cried when she got the golden buzzer. I absolutely love her music and I pray that she gets well. I look forward to her record and winning AGT. She is such an inspiration.', '“Don’t you want to see what happens if you don’t give up?” And “rebellious Hope” and so many more profound comments/thoughts … wow!', 'She is special…she has taken my heart…I’m an old camper…hip, but old…and I know she is an angel…be safe…thanks to Chris for letting the world get to experience her…', "If anybody on this earth deserves the miracle of a return to full health, it's this beautiful person, this incredible soul. Spreading love, humanity, humility, and the purest gift of song, it is Jane.\nLove you so much, Nightbirde.... Willing you health and healing, darling girl 💝", 'My heart breaks for her. She is such a beautiful person and is so positive in all that she is enduring ❤❤', 'She`s a beautiful soul. I aways get teary whenever I watch her talk. Get well Nightbirde', '"Not blind denial but rebellious Hope",  Wooooooow, God bless your your positive spirit.', 'She’s almost magical. She smiles in the middle of very, very tough pain. She’s a beam of awesome light with such a positive attitude towards life; she’s fighting this horrible battle with such ‘graciousness’. Precious girl!!', 'Awe, sweetie. We’re all battling something. You’re such a bright light, much love, light and peace to you!', 'She is a beautiful, powerful soul, who has amazing determination to live. Pray for her', 'Thanks Chris for the interview with such a beautiful brave young lady. Wish her lots of hope and strength from South Africa', 'Cuomo, it takes a beautiful human being to recognize and appreciate another one such as Nightbirde. Watching both of you having this conversation makes me pround of still being here too. Thank you!', 'Her attitude toward life & the way she expresses herself enduring all the pain is truly amazing & inspirational.', 'She was amazing on AGT. Many blessings for her recovery.', 'Her determination, strength and passion is so admirable. I truly believe that is what keeps her going. I wish her all the best.', "God bless this young woman! My Lord give her that miracle. She's a light of hope. Give her the strength to overcome. This I ask in Jesus's name. Thank you my Lord.", 'It’s good that everyone has hope for her but we all know what’s going to happen… and the result is gonna be a bunch of devastated sad fans', 'The interviewer was trying hard to hold his tears.', 'The story of her life would make a great emotional movie', 'hang on to a dream when the pain is unbearable, thank you I NEEDED TO HEAR THIS!', 'She is amazing....I wish everyone in the world was this caring and loving person.  She shines like a star.', 'The way she has helped me see life and how to deal with my problems is more than any therapy and advice have ever done for me.v', 'She is so amazing in every single way.Her strength,courage and attitude are just simply unbelievable.God bless her', 'She is so amazing, cheerful & optimistic despite everything that is happening to her . Keep on fighting the good fight 🦁🦁🦁 "always in my prayers" 🙏🏿❤️❤️❤️', 'Just watching the interview and seeing what it meant to the interviewer expresses exactly how it made me feel too. Sending so much love for recovery and strength for you to get through the worst days. You are an amazing young lady. Keep smiling. Your attitude to life is amazing xx', 'Her message is a gift to humanity', 'I hope she pulls through this difficult time in her life she is so beautiful in every way 🤞🙏💛', "Chris, Jane is America's sweetheart! Just love her!", 'That has to be one of the most beautiful interviews I seen in a very long time! What an incredible woman Night Bird is! Amazing  👏', 'She is living in the Present. ❤️ This very moment…', 'Here I am saying I’m too tired and then after listening  to her, I tell myself, I don’t have any problems.  God put your healing hands upon her.', 'Incredibly brave & introspective beautiful young woman, the first time I heard her sing her voice was angelic & she composed it, true lyrics from her heart. This song made the audience were in tears & so was I, stay positive everyone as Jane is so inspirational!! #StaySafe 😍', 'she is so brave - I admire her so much.  beautiful voice - hope she gets to share it with the world for a long long time.', '"I believe in dreams that originated from the imagination of God"... so beautifully said... such wisdom... there\'s wisdom in every word that she says.', 'I actually can’t stand you Frodo, but I’m so glad that you had Nightbirde on. There’s so much darkness in this world and the light that emits from her is what this world needs. Is pure positive energy.', 'She is such an incredible woman. Inspiration to all.', 'She is so beautiful and such a radiant life to everyone’s life! We will hear more from her I. The coming years. God is her loving father and doctor!❤️', 'She is absolutely beautiful in every way. Going to her gofundme immediately after watching this! Keep fighting girl. We support you 💯.❤️❤️❤️', 'Love from Greece, so much beauty in a young person  , never give up', 'oooh bless you beautiful soul. You give so much hope in these dark times.', 'My heart and soul reaches out to Nightbirde. She is a beautiful person.', 'This is all together beautiful! She is simply elegant in her approach to adversity. I have to commend the news anchor for a respectfully conducted interview. Quite frankly this is a master class example of how to live each day as if it were your last,.', 'What a beautiful way to understand "me, my struggle and my future"', "She has lived through this perhaps for the inspiration she has given so many others.  I'm so sorry for her suffering but it is not for nothing. Everything she says is a gift for the rest of us.", 'I cant even with this woman. How incredibly uplifting, even while facing the impossible. ❤', 'She really is an AMAZING person. I wish the best for her.', 'She is an angel. A real angel! May god protect her!', "She is the epitome of strength, grace, and hope. I pray she's healed fully. God bless her beautiful heart!!", 'Such a beautiful soul! She brings wisdom that we all need to listen and live by. Prayers and love to her.', 'She has a Light to her, and an Angelic face. Oceans of Love :  )', 'Having two feelings simultaneously whenever I saw her; respect to her resistivity and painful in my 💗', '"Don\'t you want to see what happens if you don\'t give up" - Nightbird', '"Don\'t you want to see what happens if you don\'t give up". Yes, yes! I want to see what happens to you and I am 100% rooting for you. You\'re  are an inspiration #alliswell. Things will work out for you🙏🏿', 'I cried , this lady needs all of the world to stand by her.. God bless this beautiful person 💓💓', 'My heart is breaking knowing that her cancer has spread like that. My late beautiful sister in law died from the same illness and she too was so upbeat. Praying for you Nightbirde', 'Wonderful interview, respectful and delicate interviewer, and courageous and inspirational Nightbirde', 'I’m a cancer survivor myself and I know that pain.  Praying for you and don’t lose hope.🙏🙏🙏', '“Don’t you want to know if you don’t give up ?”\nAll those what if’s …..she is right, see it to the end and then you’ll know.', "Lord God please have mercy , she's such a wonderful person.❤", '“We have to remember how to live our lives…”', 'Whenever I see this beautiful LADY and her positive outlook on life ... I feel so insignificant and unworthy to be healthy in her stead. She is someone to model your life after!!!', 'Why me—-I heard someone say why not me. Praying for a miracle for this young lady', 'She is so precious..praying for her and i pray God heals her body completely ✝️🙏❤🙏✝️', 'Your words and hope inspire me and give a peace to my soul that I need right now and I will not be bitter. Thank you for being beautiful inside and out. You are what everyone should aspire to be. Thank you for the poetry of your words and opening everyone’s eyes to the magic and gift that we call life.', 'God, I love that woman !!! Pray she heals and recovers', '"I believe in dreams for all of our lives that originated in the imagination of God." 🤯😭', 'A songstress with infinite wisdom and  inspiring. Nightbird, keep fighting and the world needs YOU!!!', 'Prayers up for her,🙏all the words she said was so powerful. Miracle is on the way Nightbird🙏', "I'm 1000 % with HER !! She's such a Beuatiful Person and soul", '"Just because it\'s a mystery doesn\'t mean it\'s the absence of meaning. Sometimes the mystery means there is more meaning than we can understand and so I accept that.......and I let go of the question "Why Me?\'......it\'s too heavy." - Nightbirde    AMAZING.....BE WELL NIGHTBIRDE', 'Sending you love Nightbirde, and holding you in the light of God.', 'what an amazing individual who doesn’t let adversities stop her at the tracks! Be well Nightbirde until we hear you sing again! 🙏❤️👍', 'This one has to top any interview done. Ever. Wisdom✅Optimism ✅ Hope ✅ ...... how timely,  with so much hopelessness the world is facing. Her thinking transcends the limitations of this life. What a beautiful angel-soul. I see a fraction of God’s greatness ....', 'OMG I just love her so much that I watched CNN in order to catch just a glimpse of this most wonderous being! I love you Nightbird!', 'The depth in her understanding of life and death is so phenomenal. Thank you for sharing this to the world Nightbirde.', "See is the winner in my eye, I've had cancer this year and listening to this beautiful woman has made me a better person!", 'Nightbirde you are absolutely an amazing woman and I keep watching this to listen to you about life itself and it has helped me immensely about life in general.  I thank you,  God bless, stay safe, and stay well', "This woman is so freaking awesome.  Love her spirit.  She's just amazing", 'We all hope the best for a brave young lady who smiles even in her toughest fight she will ever experience in life. She is already a star and Simon Cowell proved that by hitting the Golden Buzzer. Get well soon Nightbirde and make all of us happy with your beautiful smile, songs and positive attitude <3', 'She is beautiful both inside and out a voice and a beacon in these troubling times never a why me. Nightbirde is so profound she has made a huge impact on the world', 'The creator got BIG PLANS for you, carry on loving life and living angel', "I want to cry everytime I see her, let's all pray for her", 'Here from Costa Rica Nightbirde...you are an inspiration to us all. I can only wish for you the best .Continue your journey as you have done so far..You have no idea how many people you have impacted with your positive attitude...', 'Wow, “To show up as real as you can…we do have the choice of what becomes of you” - so much beauty and wisdom. Nightbirde, Thank YOU so much for being an amazing source of inspiration. Your words illuminate this dark world and your positive strong spirit in the face of adversities bring hope to humanity, especially, for those who struggle to see the reason to have a meaningful life. \nThank you featuring this brief interview of her! It will go and touch so many hearts and soul. Magical ❤️', 'I fell in love with her, with her voice from the first time i saw her on AGT and from there she captured my soul, shez a warrior ❤️', 'I literally shed a tear of joy when she received the golden buzzer on AGT, and now I shed a tear of hope....stay strong nightbird 😔', 'I just love her. Shes so positive even thru this devastating news. She will do everything she dreams of. Prayers for you nightbirde🙏🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤❤❤', 'Her smile and the way she look at life is everything', 'She’s from my state, Ohio. And she’s an inspiration to me! God bless you Nightbirde! ❤️', 'God bless you Nightbird. You have so much wisdom.', 'Your spirit and positivity is an inspiration to us all, Nightbirde! Thinking of you and hope that you feel better.', '"Why me?" The answer is "Why not me?" I won\'t escape any negativity in my life because I\'m human. And humans suffer (buddhism).', 'A beautiful soul, a life worth getting well and bring cancer free. May healing, comfort and blessings surround her.', 'She is beyond words amazing!!  She is an angel on earth fulfilling the ultimate mission of spreading grace, love, and hope.  The world would be a far greater place with more Nightbirds!!!!', 'I watched her AGT audition probably like 10 times when it aired and not to take anything away from her and make this about me (she deserves every good thing to come her way) but as someone who’s been contemplating suicide on and off for the past 2-3 years (very much so recently again) it does ‘help’ and give some perspective as well as allow me to reconsider how much I do have when I hear her words about ‘don’t you want to know?’ I wish I and more people in this world had her incredible strength and attitude towards life! What an amazing human being.', '2 Corinthians 12:9,\xa0ESV: "But he said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may rest upon me."', 'I pray that she would listen to this, YouTube….Healing Prayer by Dr. Cindy Trimm it is Extremely Powerful…', 'Such a beautiful girl, inside and out. We can all learn something from her', 'May God heal this Sweet Young lady body that she may have a long healthy life.', 'She is amazing & an angel & will survive, God Bless her.', 'Really, really wanted to see her on AGT. Life can be cruel. A friend of mine succumbed to fighting same exact thing in same organs. Keep up the good fight! We are defined by how we live, and she is living more than most people. I wish I could just reach out and take the cancer away. Prayers are with her!! And prayers thanking for the blessing she is to others.', 'Keep on smiling girl, keep on keeping on, keep hanging on and don’t let go.', 'What an amazing woman!  Her humility and organic kindness are good lessons for the rest of us.  Watching Chris recognize that and seeing his emotion was profound too.\nCan’t wait to hear the record!', 'A suggestion, some of the big names in the music industry and singers should get together and recording her music to preserve it.\nI am not pesimistic I truly Hope she overcome this challenge and wish the best for her.\nI just lost my daughter to cancer two weeks ago and her accomplishment I keep in mine mind and heart\nGet well dahling!', "God, please, help this sweet soul win.😧. I have seen people show strength in difficult times and I have been a positive person most of my life but Nightbird, you're the definition of what the people ought to be. You express your positivity like no one else does. The world needs you!", "what a beautiful inspiration to all humans who are going through pain,, so young but still talking positive and holding on through the most awful pain,every one's so caught up.with covid this covid that, honestly what about cancer, keep living the dream you give hope and love to all that are suffering ❤ 💙 💖 hold in there..", 'This girl is amazing and she deserves all the love in the world ❤️🌻', 'Wow this interview is just wow..\nCried alot, her answers so brilliant', 'I haven’t even heard her sing and I know she’s an angel from heaven.', 'I want to hug her. She is an amazing soul. God bless her!', "This young lady is such a gift to us, not many are as strong as she's,  \nGet well Nightbirde.", 'Praying for you in this part of the world. God hears you and will heal you. There will be miracle for you Nightbirde. 🙏🙏🙏', "people should listen to her words as they're powerful for many. I really hope she can recover from it this time but it'll be tough, thanks for gracing us with your music.", 'She is beautiful and my heart goes to her ...', 'You’re such an inspiration, God bless you more strength 🙏🙏🙏', 'What a beautiful interview. Chris does a great job shining the light on the shining light of Nightbirde.', 'I love that she recognizes that becoming bitter, will serve no purpose!', 'May God put his healing hands over you. You are a angel sent from heaven. God bless you always and forever!! Amen.', 'God is g00d all the time, miracles happen always🙏🙏🙏', 'Nightbird, dont give up, you are such an inspiration for many and such a wise lovely person', 'I think you’re absolutely brilliant. You’re extremely gorgeous physically and the way that you sound insane but it’s your personality that is the most outstanding that attracts me to you. I would love to meet you Sunday and if not,I’ll take these beautiful videos or whatever they’re called and share them with my children to show that Terrace so much to be happy for in life. God bless you And God bless your family. You’re a wonderful person. Again, if I could have a wish for the day, it would to meet you in person. Sweet dreams my love.', 'What a brave young lady, she is a beacon for hope and a tough little warrior.  I hope her name lives on in the future and that "nightbird" becomes the symbol for hope and tenacity.', 'She’s so beautiful inside n out🙏', 'When I saw you sing that first note I said wow so beautiful! My heart is with you sending prayers of healing. Love your strength and courage!❤️', 'Sending her lots of love, healing vibes and a big virtual hug! 🙏🏻', "She is just a dope individual. That's all!❤️", 'Nightbirde, you are beautiful both inside and out! Stay strong and keep fighting!', 'She is Beautiful inside and out. I wish I had that much energy that she has and I’m not I’ll. I hope with all my heart she gets through this but know it will not be easy for her. This is a brutal disease I’ve seen this, I pray with my whole being she can beat this. She is an Angel no doubt.', 'Soo eloquent . Such a beautiful young woman. I pray for a miracle for you🙏', 'Nightbirde is so beautiful. talented, and brave.', '"...there’s so much beauty and poetry to be seen in the world, if you’re willing to sign off on the pain that it takes to stay awake in the middle of something that hurts so bad. "  This is so true.', 'This woman has an incredible spirit. Praying for you, Nightbirde❤🙏', 'I’m asking the great cosmic powers among the stars to heal her and empower her spirit for the rest of her life.', 'As a grown man this sweet angel brought tears to my eyes. God please give this sweet angel a miracle and bless her and her family', 'Your positivity, your strength in incredible.  You WILL beat this cancer. And the world is looking forward to hear your magical album.  Hang in there Nightbirde.  The world with rooting for you. Be well. <3', 'More life shining through her eyes and smile than most ‘healthy’ people.  Inspirational. Stay strong ♥️', 'We all need to unite in prayer that God heals this precious woman. I’m believing for a miracle. Father God, do not let the enemy steal her destiny! Do not let the gift of her heart and voice be taken from this world. \nIn Jesus’ name 🙏❣️', "This beautiful young lady is something else,  perceivirince = night bird  I pray to God to look after you and can't wait for that first album", 'These are things that are not seen in fox, that why I love CNN  congratulations for being human beings and thanks for helping', 'That smile shows us all how amazingly beautiful you are. I can feel you, especially when you share that amazing smile.💜', 'The dawn comes after the darkest night.  Don’t give up.  Keep fighting and keep that spirit.', "Wise beyond your years. What a magnificent and beautiful young woman. I feel you are on a higher level to most people and your light shines soooo bright. Your courage is unbelievable and i'm in awe of you . I would be so proud to have you as my daughter Nightbird. God bless you sweetheart xxx", 'Her still rings in my soul and I fell to the floor with joy when she got the golden button. Her voice is truly amazing and her wisdom is mind blowing. You have  my prayers and love. I pray for victory. I’m blessed by you. Hugs and love.', 'So basically all she’d have to do on AGT is give wisdom and she’ll win like Brandon Leake from last year even if she wasn’t a good singer.', 'What an amazing human being! I wish Nightbirde a speedy recovery; the world needs her light.', "She's so pretty, may God cover her with his blood in the mighty name of Jesus, no weapon form against her shall prosper, she may live and not died, my prayers are with you🙏🙏🙏", 'You are so much more than the illnes… you are a brilliant person ❤️\u200d🩹🥰', 'Why am I crying when I hear her talking….\U0001f972', 'I speak life over you! Life, love and abundance of joy! I see a future filled   of new songs and see yu bringing hope to many. I choose to believe with you.', 'My late mother used to say “If you don’t have dreams, you may as well fall over and stink, because you were already dead”', 'Love this lady, amazing blessings love and peace to her.', "We love you Nightbirde! You are really awesome and wise. This video just just keeps getting better.  We are praying and hoping the best for you.  You're freaking awesome and a great soul!", "What a beautifull girl, life is so cruel, so dammed cruel. Blessing' s  to you sweetheart,  sending you hope and sending you healing.\nWas having a feel sorry for myself moment, now I will beat myself up about it, because I realise how pathetic I am being. Thankyou for this wake up call.", 'I know you won’t completely understand this right now, but I’m really looking forward to meeting you in the future Nightbirde!', '"Don\'t you want to see what happens, if you don\'t give up?"', 'I hope and pray everything works out you touched me and millions of others hearts God bless you', 'I have a quote from that beautiful sister in my house and in the back window of my vehicle. “You can’t wait until you decide that life isn’t hard before you decide to be Happy” Thank you for being so inspirational. GOD Bless you sister.', 'The night I saw Nightbirde on AGT, I knew my life had change, forever.\nShe has touched all us, in so manys. Her life already has touched thousands. This was her purpose, legacy.', "She's just trying to get tough. I'm praying for you girl.🙏🙏🙏", 'Some of the best answers I have ever heard.', 'The most beautiful singing voice since Karen Carpenter.', '💖 what a beautiful soul and light to this world.', 'Jane we are coming to see you show:) Love you so very much:) Prayers everyday for you.', 'Thank you for posting this interview. Thank you for everything you are doing for Nightbirde. She is a beautiful angel sent to show us the meaning of life. 🙏🙏🙏', 'Being positive and not putting your body to the task of processing stress hormones will help you.   Nothing good comes from dwelling on negative "what ifs".  Live strong girl.', 'Such a gorgeous girl. Sending her lots of love, hugs and prayers. ❤️💐', 'Nightbirde, you are such a beautiful person with such a gorgeous voice. I pray for your cancer to go away so you can bring us some more beautiful music. Stay strong. 💜🙏💜🙏💜🙏💜🙏💜👍', 'Let those nightbirde’s keep singing! Best wishes 💗', 'She is so strong and she gives me hope.  Thank you Nightbirde.   Much love from Nova Scotia, Canada.', 'May God fill you with peace...\nYou are special, you’ll always be.', 'Very wise young lady. I pray for her that the Lord works his miracle in her. And that she gets a healing from all cancer.. Lord take the wheel Amen.', 'She may of had to step out of AGT but clearly she has already WON in my eyes.Her strength and powerful words and poetry through her songs give off so much hope,fight,and to never give up or give in to each one’s personal battles.Almost everything you say could be printed,framed,and hung on a wall as inspiration.Thank you and I can’t wait to listen to your 1st album and see you perform on stage live someday.', 'Prayers out to this unbelievable strong beautiful talented woman. I pray for you🙏🏾🙏🏾🇨🇦', "God bless and heal this woman. She's an I N S P I R A T I O N! 🙏", "Most of us float through life in a kind of fog. We do what we've always done in the same way we've always done it. Then along comes this beautiful spirit who tells us to wake up and admire the beauty all around us and in us. Thank you so much for the wakeup call Nightbirde...", 'You go girl.  Your so brave.  I pray for you.  You’re my hero.', 'All Glory be to God, who sustains her as her foundation <3 <3 <3', 'Sending  healing vibes to Nightbirde ❤️ the world needs more of you', 'Believe in miracles may the Precious Blood of Jesus flow through each and every cell of your body Amen 🌹🌹🌹', 'Nightbirde our modern day Socrates……those quotes will be remembered long after we are all gone.', 'I hope she is getting lots of hugs! She deserves every one of them!!', "You are so amazing and you definitely 'still have the magic in you' Keep fighting, keep believing, keep going-we're all right behind you. So much love and so many hugs to you ❤❤ xx", 'I Love this precious SOUL!  God, please reconsider her path, she / we need a miracle cure for Night Bird!  I’m sure I am not the only one that feels that I would follow her to the ends of the earth…. Just to learn how to live by her extraordinary example!!!  Please God…Bless her more than you have!  Let her use her instrument and kind enlightenment to teach the world, as you would have it done. 💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞. Bless you Nightbird!', "She's an inspiration. ♥️", 'Truly an inspiration. This needs to go viral...', 'She is such a beautiful person and I was wanting her to win it all. I wish her the best and I hope she can win this battles she is going through.', 'what a gift to all of us .... " i want to see what happens" i mean that is amazing and I will always remember it ! God Bless you sending you white light to surround you for healing, do not give up !', 'You are such a incredible inspiration. Your beautiful smile touches soooooo many hearts. May we see you totally recovered, soon greet your new album of beautiful songs. 💖🕯💫☀️🕊🍀', 'She is so beautiful. I feel so sorry for her 😞', 'She is other-worldly in her hope and inspiration!', 'We all love you and pray for you!! You are such an inspiration. I’m not gonna complain never ever again...', 'What a beautiful soul. She\'s so very very brave. I\'ve been there and "blind denial" is a good thing. So inspirational to those who are struggling. Keep looking up. 😎', 'Such a good soul .. wish for her speedy recovery', "For some reasons I found myself praying for you few days back. Then it came to me ohhh I don't even know  her. But then again another voice whispered inside me and said she deserves another chance and need prayers.  You are such a sweet soul, keep your faith up beautiful lady. May the Almighty grand you a quick recovery because Your body is the temple of the Almighty.  🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏", 'What a Beauitful and gifted Angel. My prayers are with you', 'May she be blessed  always.  And sending her healing  prayers 💖🙏🏼', '👍⭐️I absolutely love her. She can survive. 🏆 I did. 🙏💝', "Imagine if just 20% of the world firmly held Nightbirde's outlook on life!?  She is pure INSPIRATION and my mind can't fathom the mindset of the human beings who disliked this video!", 'This hit me hard this morning. God bless her.', 'Bless you my dearest. You are a beautiful person and you got the magical voice.  Fight and be strong. Never give up .', 'What a courageous wise woman!  You have made a difference in a lot of lives with your positive wonderful attitude.', 'Thank you sir. Your interviews with Jane are genuine and serve to compliment the purity of her soul. Angels are often depicted as benevolent celestial intermediaries between God and humanity. You are helping to give this living angel a voice from heaven itself.', 'I wish her all the strength in the world, I hope she overcomes this , reality can crush our spirit if we allow it to, of that I am guilty now, strength to nightbride.', 'Talk about amazing grace, you personify incredible amazing grace.  You are such an inspiration  that we all can incorporate in our lives, whether undergoing an illness or just bumbling along in our search for meaning.  We are all so blessed to have you in our midst spreading your wisdom and with your talent.', 'She is a light in the darkness, a warm and welcoming light.', "She's amazing!  May all cancer patients have a devine intervention!", 'Aww… I wish her the best of luck, I hope she gets better soon.', "This is probably the most wonderful human being I've had the pleasure of witnessing. ❤️❤️❤️❤️ From Ireland 🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪", 'Thoughts and prayers for you Nightbirde and thank you for you shining light! I was given the nickname ‘birdsong’ when someone heard me sing. Music is a gift!', 'are there any words to describe the feelings she elicits? she has the most beautiful sense of calm in the most horrific storm. she’s poignant, she’s philosophical, and she’s wise. i wish the absolute best for her. just wow. we as a people could learn so much from her outlook on life.', 'Bless her. I love her spirit. We all need hope', 'God bless this beautiful woman! Night Birde is amazing and such an inspiration. She is a gift to the world.', 'The bravest, strongest and most beautiful human being I have ever seen in my whole live. What a hero! We all can learn a lot from this girl and we should be grateful for her to be a part of us. 🙏🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🌹', 'We all praying here and asking God she will be recovered and will come to us to Russia with her light and voice!! You touched all Russian hearts 💕💕💕💕', 'Heaven will gain an incredible angel. We love you.', 'Why thumbs down 🙄 I love her honesty and her music', 'Why thumbs down 🙄 I love her honesty and her music', 'I hope so much that she makes it.  I truly love listening to her music and her message, they are so inspirational.   Why do the good ones are the ones that suffer the most??  Seen it happened so many times, it is totally unfair, but stay positive.', 'She is full of positivity.... God Bless nightbirde... Be well. 🇵🇭❤️', 'the most beautiful voice i ever heard!!!!\nGod bless u nightbirdie.keep praying!', 'Imagine needing strangers to pay for the pimps in the medical system. The American system is a golden toilet. At least the citizens still have enough compassion to help someone else sometimes.', 'She is a talented and amazing person. God bless you 🙏', 'I wish that I had her strength of character.', 'Stubborn hope, get well soon girl, I love your strength, praying for you, soldier on🤗🤗🤗', 'She is beautiful and inspirational ❤', "Quite simply one of the most beautiful and inspirational people I have ever seen.  I do hope someone is writing down the pearls of wisdom and inspirational humanity in her simple but elegant words.  I think I'm in love!", 'What a beautiful person! What grace! Deeply wishing her the best.', 'Literally she makes me tear up .. she’s a beautiful soul and I hope she knows she is a WINNER 🏆💎 her words are so powerful and beautiful xoxo I luv you nightbird 💗', 'Night bird, this is to you:  When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. You lived your live, so the world will cry when you die and you rejoiced!', 'I love you! You’ve inspired me to keep going forward.', 'Listen to her music & her quotes. She is a gift & a spiritual messenger🙏🙏💕', 'You’re a beautiful strong woman ❤️ keep being positive', 'Please tell her, i pray for her. I love her, GOD LOVES HER, we love her. I wish i am there with her, i need her positive mind. I hope to see her one day.😘😘😘', "I feel like Natalie Portman needs to play her real life story sometime. They're twins. Such a beautiful smile...and just beautiful people al around", 'Your words will not be forgotten. Keep strong, may your treatments be all successful 🥰\n- overflowing love from philippines ✌🏻', 'Amazing wisdom for such a young person!!  Praying you be well!!!', 'God please rid this world of pain. She’s so beautiful. I pray for her healing.', "It's extremely difficult to have hope when you are surrounded by suffering, but Nightbirde has persisted. I hope that she heals and is able to share her gifts with the world for a long time.", "I'm sorry that you are going through so much \nYet very strong,and I just wanna tell you that God has already healed you\nAnd that I love so very much..stay Blessed 🥰🥰More love for you from SA", 'Me and my family From INDONESIA will praying for you Night birde for your healing .', 'What an AMAZING Soul…', 'Sending prayers to you. I am hoping for miracle for you.', 'Get well soon NightBirde! Prayers your way! Remember, there is no other Name under heaven whereby we must be saved! Believe on the Lord Jesus and you will be saved. Jesus is the Resurrection and the Life, he who believes on Him will live even though he dies. God Bless you!!!', "She's full of wisdom ❣️", "Still the most beautiful spirit  and the most stunning beautiful woman this 70y/o man has ever seen in my life.\nIt's time for me to go lord keep her here, take me lord.", 'She shines out of the screen. How much more must she be in person. Miracles do happen.', 'Thank you for doing this interview. My motto is: Look for good in things, instead of for the bad. Nightbirde is the epitome of that. She is beauty and grace in every sense. A lovely example for all.', 'Nightbirde is sooooo beautiful and articulate. Her spoken word is an art form. Thank you Nightbirde….. thank you  ❤️', 'This hurts to hear this. I need you to be okay Jane.', 'She is a Angel who came down to show her wings, without wearing them ! She is such Lovely Lady !!', "Jane is not just a star. She's a supernova. Continue to fly high, beautiful Nightbird.", 'I’m in agony and my agony is a thimble in comparison to what you’ve already gone through. My thoughts are for your recovery Nightbirde.', 'She\'s  one of God\'s  angle I want to continue to pray that God  grant her gd health and strength """fill her with nuff wisdom and understanding and give her a determine  spirit  to accept  him as her personal savior in jesus  name. Amen', "She made me regain strength for chasing my dreams and not given up on life because I almost did. I wish u could know what you've done for me. U are my angel, thank God for agt. I'm praying for you each day, I believe u will be Cancer free by God's grace.", 'I am crying listening to this beautiful young lady. May God protect her.', "I'm don't know what to say, I'm speechless. I feel her, I knew how painful and tough between NEVER GIVE UP.\nHER SPIRIT AND COURAGE GAVE HER A BEAUTIFUL SOUL as a person. Whatever happens, I LOVE YOU, NIGHTBIRD... 💞💞💞💞 STAY STRONG, LITTLE SISTER", 'You are such a beautiful soul and God has blessed us to witness your strength and be inspired by it!', 'Praying for you, Nightbirde. God bless you.', 'What a wonderful woman. We need more Nightbirde in this world. Give it all you’ve got. Lots of love.', 'Will keep you in my prayers. You are a superhuman able to keep being positive. God bless.', 'The miracle is:  the change she has made in all of you who are humbled by her words. To hear so many people are looking at Jane as a symbol of Hope and Strength is heartwarming and this is what makes her special. We should be content with being alive, we should be kind to one another so when it is our time to shine, we have no regrets. Thank you Nightbird, sleep easy knowing you have made a difference in this world.', 'Reminds me of Claire Wineland. When facing a terminal illness some people gain a perspective beyond their years.', 'She is such a beautiful soul ❤️🙏', 'She is extraordinary in every way.  So beautiful!', 'I just simply love her Spirit and Strength! One Amazing Lady.. Sending you Blessings!', 'My goodness Jane ( Nightbarde) is the Love and strength of all the world and a true blessing from Good to the suffering in this world.', 'Her song, her message, her legacy will live forever!', 'You are a great inspiration to all God bless you Jane and may god gives you long life to stay here on earth to witness Gods miracle in you and praying for your healing soon keep fighting God loves you as we do.', 'Great gesture Chris. Speedy recovery Jane!', 'She is beautiful. Just a lovely young woman. What an inspirational person. Everytime I see her she lifts me up.', 'She is amazing. Beautiful, nice, very good singer. She deserves the best.', 'My heart goes out  to nightbird', 'Wow. Her answers to these questions are so crazily surprising to me! So positive... so honest... so motivating. She is surely a beautiful woman with a great heart. Praying for you~', 'Sending her my positive thoughts. Bless you, child 🙏', 'You are such a beautiful soul. I felt compelled to pray for you and your healing. You are indeed a ‘special being’ and there is a testimony behind your story. I truly love you. GOD BLESS!!', 'Beautiful soul and so inspiring.', 'She’s such an inspiration and so magical.', 'I am wishing you a magnificent recovery ❤️\u200d🩹 and the spirits of the miracle comes and visiting you as soon as possible. Staying positive. With love 💕', 'How could anyone not just fall in love with her....?!! She is BEAUTIFUL', 'I have never seen a more beautiful person both inside and  out. Wishing you thoughts and prayers while you fight the fight of your life.', 'I pray Jesus makes you well Nightbird', '….🌟How Blessed We All Are That She Has Shown A Light That We So Desperately Need🌟….', 'I feel bad for her aww I don’t know what you’ve been though', '"NIGHTBIRDIE" is a superhero for young cancer patients. A role model of challenge and hope', 'I was just diagnosed to with cancer as well and I understand how rallying your strength comes quickly. You find your makeup and you push forward to live. I wish you only the best, Nightbirde. Refuah Shleimah and my prayers are with you and your family.', "Honey you are so beautiful.inside and out.thank you for your inspiration.thank you for the love you pour out to other people.i would like to pour out my 💕 to you!!I was a burned victim at 6 years old.it almost took my life.but it's no comparison to what you're going through!! And you face it like a champion.A hero lies in you!!May God keep blessing you sweetie!!", 'I love this beautiful soul, I am praying that God give her complete healing & save her because she has a strong faith and faith can move mountains.', 'IN THE NAME OF OUR LORD ALMIGTHY YOU WILL BE HEALED AMEN. GOD BLESS YOU...', 'Her strength is unbelievable, her beautiful  spirit gives me hope!!! You are loved, by many ...!!!!', 'I pray for you, I ask you to be healed soon, for him from above to bring you healing as soon as possible. May his light be with you always.', 'She reminds me of my son who fought brain cancer for 7.5 years.  Was diagnosed after his first year of college.  Thru it all, he never gave up and continued with college.  Graduated, was programed to do his student teaching in the fall but post the 4th invasive surgery, he had a stroke and after that he went downhill and past on 6 mos. later.', 'There is just SOMETHING about this dear lady, something bigger than even her talent and physical beauty. She is illuminated from within. For me, I believe that Light is GOD! He is the Great Physician!', 'What an amazing young woman. She is too pure and wise for her youth. So mature and witty.', 'I love her thoughts and persona', 'Beautiful - she is an inspiration  god bless her!!!!', 'I wish Simone would make an album with her now.  Get her voice down and her songs, for all to hear.', '"don\'t you wanna see what\'s happening if you don\'t give up?" - Nightbirde\n\n\n\nSpeechless.', 'God is good just believe in him! Miracles happens!', 'Love this lady❤️She’s just beyond everything 🙏🏼🙏🏼', 'What an absolute angel. The wisdom that just came out of her in this short clip…', 'I almost felt sorry for myself today... Then i saw Nightbird.', 'Hugs and prayers for total complete healing. You are a beautiful soul', "You are the strongest person I have ever heard. You are God's magic.", 'Wow…my favorite interview by chris.', "That deeply touched my soul.. She is so human, and the most opposite of fake you'll ever see!! Keep on pushing nightbird!! We 💙 U!!", 'I’ve only said this before about one other person because it’s such a rarity to witness such an undeniable presence but I will say it again.\nSome people’s light just shines so bright.', 'You touched our hearts, and im praying God touches yours.', 'So incredibly brave. Beautiful, talented and wise already. Keep going baby!  xxxx', 'Nice piece to cover up the coumos and make them seem like they care…\n\nI would love to hear your story but not from that brainless narcissist or his brother.', "She's amazing 💜", "Night bride you have such a wonderful siprit in you that touches me not everyone have this kind of siprit I pray right now that God will bring you back to the healthy young lady you deserve to be, and don't stop working on your dreams we will be watching for your next chapter after the doctor and God fix these health issues, keep the faith", 'God is always our final answer, refuge, anchor of our lives even when the world is roaring. God will se you nightbird.', 'An angel sent by God to show us what’s the positive energy 👍❤️', 'Some people fighting so hard to live, and some people who have the blessing of good health, yet deliberately taking chances with that blessing. What a wonderful person she is.', 'God Bless You, TRUST COMPLETELY in GOD,  He was there for me after I trusted and give myself completely to GOD.  I was given life more time to live. I was dying of LEUKEMIA and was given few hours of life,  but I told GOG,  “ Let it be Your will my beloved GOD”  it’s been 26 years ago since that moment.  BELIVE, HE IS THERE FOR YOU!', 'Just grace all through! Be well Nightbirde. Bless your dear heart', 'Im sorry Nightbirde, if keep you awake at night with my cheering for you, ill keep it low.', "Diamond of a person. Very rare good character. The 'Why me?' is a torturous question . . she's So right. He was genuinely impressed.", 'She he is so pretty and brave.', 'You can kind of see at 1:35 that the Reporter is really trying to hold it together and so is Jane 🥺 such devastating news for her, really thinking of her & her family right now and praying for them', 'Stay strong Nightbird! The world loves you so much♥️', 'God bless you. Miracles happen and be strong aways.', 'Night birdie u deserve a gold medal. You are fighting the hardest hurdle. I admire ur strength and positivity. God will work wonders for you. Love you❤️❤️', "I've honestly learnt more about life just listening to this lady talk than I've learnt anywhere else...and I'm 40.\nI'm praying for you Nightbird, get well soon. And respect for you Chris Cuomo, God bless you.", 'She is such a beautiful person.', "Maybe, God  doesn't want you to be a star, God  just wants  you to be an inspiration  to others  and be just on His side😇", 'I\'m a super fan of her since her AGT performance and I admire her for being brave. We need more "nightbirde" during this trying time for she brings hope and inspiration to many... ❤love and prayers from 🇵🇭', 'Can feel the pain in her voice stay strong  songbird you are so beautiful inside and out god bless you sweetheart xxxxxxxxx', 'AGT should name a award in her honor. (The Nightbirde Award)', "She's so inspiring ❤️", 'Amen! Praise God for Rebellious Hope! 🌻', 'Such a beautiful woman and soul!  I have so much I\'d love to do for her, the sky\'s the limit...no, further than that! Seeing life through her eyes is like I\'ve never seen before!!  Bright, delightful, Angel... A REAL Angel!!!  She\'s the same age as my daughter and I\'d give my last breath if I could!!  Love love love...so much love for Jane "night bird!"  Sing little bird...it\'s ok!~🐦', "Onions. Need to be stop cutting onions when I watch yt. She's the biggest motivator ever. Devastating diagnosis to say the least.", 'She is so beautiful inside and out. 💜💜', 'God bless her.  What a beautiful soul❤️', 'BEAUTIFULLY directed and felt interview.  Thank you both of you for truly showing up.  ♥', 'Your perspective of life and pain, of mystery and hope is encouraging all of us to become better and more fulfilled human beings.', "I want to see what happens because I haven't given up! Thank you for your inspiration. Love and Light ❤️", 'soo looking forward to your next song..be well girl ! love from Malaysia', 'Don’t give up, God is with you always. Praying for you . Love from Mizoram, India', 'chris, thank you for having this beautiful soul on your show xxxxxxx', 'WOW!!! Thank you so much, Miss Nightbird  for another inspiring message from you. Keep strong and we believe in you. All the very best.', "I'm so proud of you you're a survivor  💜 feel that magic... I'm proud and happy to say don't give up Cause God won't give up on you", 'God be with you Nightbirde. 💕♥️', 'Nightbird you are truely in inspiration for so many, your heart is so real and your words so true.', 'A few weeks ago died a german YouTube Star with 23 years of a very agressive kind of cancer,his all chest area was opened and eaten of cancer,but like Jane too he was shining and positive to his last breath,amazing!Thats real strength!Fly away little Nightbird(e)!All my best wishes from 🇩🇪', "the only CNN video I 'liked' :D she is amazing, and even Cuomo did a good job here", '"why me?? “ she says after a thought.. it\'s a waste of time asking such questions.. Beyond our power.. Magic beyond our comprehend', 'She is really special and strong......her wards always impact lives anytime she is on interview or on media....speedy recovery @Nightbird.', "She is such a BEAUTIFUL woman!  I'll say a prayer for you!!!!!", 'I love this girl!!! Stay strong and Thank God in Advance 💕', "Praying for Night Birde. God gave her this name for a reason. She's in a dark place, and she still makes beautiful songs. What a beautiful soul, a beautiful face, a beautiful spirit. I love you Night Birde and you are teaching so many how to live. Thank you.", "She's a beautiful person inside and out. She IS nightbird. The most beautiful music comes from real life struggles. She's a complete insperation.", 'My Lord, my God, what a lovely girl she is.', 'She is so beautiful. God bless her 🙏🙏🙏', 'She is pure light!! Our angel!! 💕🌷✨😍💕🙏🏻🙏🏻', 'God, heal her, for your glory 🙏🏻', 'Touched by an Angel <3 Nightbird is an angel <3', 'Chris..what about a documentary?  She’s so inspiring and the world needs a messenger like her.', "The optimisim is only to be admired, don't you want to know is something we should all think of when facing adversity. She has hope when most wouldn't, strength when most would feel weak, I wish her a long life 🙏", 'God bless her! Let\'s ALL send her our positive thoughts, vibes, prayers and "WILL" HER to beat this cancer!! Positive thoughts, prayers, meditation, etc regardless of your beliefs DO make a difference, every culture knows this to be true! So let us ALL send those positive thoughts and prayers her way so she can WIN this battle!!\nSending love, thoughts and positive vibes HER WAY from London England 👍❤️💪🙏🏴\U000e0067\U000e0062\U000e0065\U000e006e\U000e0067\U000e007f', "God's speed darlin' 💜 Prayers from me & God 🙏 to you and yours 💜💜💜", 'Praying you beat this cancer. You are an inspiration to all who are suffering from illnesses.  Never give up! God bless you.', 'She really is an amazing person ❤️', 'I saw this Interview and must admit, it brought a smile to my face and tear to my eye. Many times courage is not defined by a loud voice, but with a beautiful smile and a quiet dignity! I wish Jane and her Husband "Gods speed".', 'She is someone that I will never forget.  God please heal her!!', 'Keep dreaming Nightbirde. Bless you for your beautiful voice and boundless wisdom! ❤️🙏Big hugs!🤗Thank you for the beautiful gift of your VOICE.❤️', 'Heavenly Father, Please rain down one miracle for this young lady, Jane Marczewski.  Lord, she has been suffering for many years, yet her faith in You has never waivered.  Show her Father, and all of us, how You can heal her.  On bended knee I plead on her behalf. Thank you God.  All Glory and Honor is Yours.  Amen', 'God bless you Nightbirde for sharing all your love thru your songs...you are an inspiration to us all.  There is something so beautiful, magical and amazing waiting for you !!!  You are blessed and very special !!!', "Who would give this a Thumbs Down ? \nWhat type of person would do that ? I can't believe they walk amongst us ..Scary ! \nRather Disgusting!", 'Great story. Thank you to everyone who supported her', 'May god bless you with a speedy recovery. Lov n prayers from Sri Lanka', "lets not forget that many people can't afford the treatments they need it doesn't start and end with one pretty face and smile. \nPrayers for all that are battling.", 'She’s an angel because she inspires all of us, and in spite of her beast of burden, she tells us be strong and gives us beautiful lyrical poetry.', 'I’m so sorry! I watched you and you were terrific! We’re fighting together!\nWe can make it! I will prey for you tonight!', 'OMG Chris I love you\n\n\nPlease tell your brother just for now, step down \nIf he really cares about us he will do it', 'I am so sorry to hear this. :( I am praying to our heavenly Father to heal your precious body of this wicked disease in Jesus name . I have a very dear friend that is suffering from lymphatic  cancer , I am praying for his healing in Jesus name, God Bless you sweet girl. <3', 'May The Lord heal you completely and speedily in Jesus Name. Amen 🙏🙏🙏', 'A Legend For The Next 1,000+ Years', 'God Bless You, Jane. You’re such an inspiration! 🙏🏽😍🙏🏽', '"Mystery doesn\'t mean its the absence of meaning" -', "God bless you \nYou are so beautiful like an angel my mum has cancer it's hard so I feel the pain your going through.\nYou are an inspiration to all cancer patients. Love you ❤️", "She is such a gift, truly a gift. The overused words like inspiration, angel, brave, etc., while true don't come close to describing this human treasure. She personifies grace in all ways. She is who we need to see, her voice we need to heard, her view we need to understand, and her struggle we need to know. \nIt's just so unfortunate that someone so extraordinary and wonderful as she is, and with such an important message, is being interviewed here! First time ever seeing this 'show' and only watching this for her, but Wow, is it ever hard to get through such an incredibly irritating interviewer in order to hear her. He's so disrespectful in such an odd, moochy way. Such a wonderful, talented and beautiful young woman enduring so much suffering deserves so much better. \nMany thanks to her for being who she is, and much gratitude for the opportunity to have had this glimpse of her to touch our lives so profoundly. Our hearts are with her and her loved ones.", 'What a beautiful smile and amazing soul.', 'Keep fighting....👍\nMy own brother with very similar diagnosis gained 14 years of good life after because he kept fighting.', 'You have so much power /voice from Japan 🇯🇵  you  are so inspiring', 'Such a spirit..may she be well🥰😍', 'My sincerest hope is that she will not suffer (too much) when the inevitable comes. Of course, it would be the best if she survives (and not at too great a cost).', 'Sending prayers to you all the way from Sweden...you are an inspiration..', 'This young lady is the epitome of ‘soldiering on’.  Thanks for the inspiration Miss Nightbirde 🙏.', 'Stay STRONG kid we already in love with you and your smile is wonderful 💪🏼💪🏼👏🏼👏🏼', 'Don’t ever give up on your dreams/// god is with you love ❤️', 'Jane  your amazing    we are praying for you    We are watching Jane win      You already did Nightbirde!\nLove love love', "If her liver is mostly cancer, wouldn't she look more sickly?\r\nAnyone know?", 'Jane is such a super star with millions of stars that are prayers sent up for this beautiful lady star in her own right. Look up and you can see the stars glow from all the people who are sending up your prayers. Prayers do come true. Keep looking up you are so blessed and loved by millions.', 'Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not yet seen! Love her faith and praying and believing she will be healed in Jesus’ name!🙏🏻💕', 'Thank you for your light! God walks with you.', 'Sending my healing prayers for you nightbirde 🙏🙏🙏 God will heal you , Amen 🙏', 'Oh god please save her please let her continue  on with her life.and her love for singing.to be with her family and friends.shes a beautiful  person.thoughts to all and to her  friends family.love and light 😍', "He's a good interviewer.", 'Sending love from Uganda...May the good lord bless and heal you my dear. Get well soon sister....⚘', 'Many cancer patients are dealing well and heroically with their diagnosis. God bless, Nightbirde, for sharing your pain and optimism.', 'Let us be in this rebellious hope with you Nightbirde ❤️', 'Her smile glows up the whole room, just hope she can fight and go through this. #cancersucks', 'Wowwww. Such Courage. Let’s all Pray 🙏 for Miraculous Healing ❤️\u200d🩹 Power in Prayer', 'God bless you, Angel Nightbird...', 'She already won, our heart. That is magic.', 'Love to you Jane. Thank you for your inspiration, brightness and beauty!', 'Her attitude and hopefulness is an inspiration to all of us.  She is honest and hopeful. She has already given us so much, but she still has a lot more to share.  Pray for her good health, that her cancer stops and goes in remission, that she fulfills all her dreams and continues to delight us with her voice and talent.', "I'm praying for you darling,  you are such a special human being ♡♡♡♡♡♡", 'She is an inspirational to those who are suffering like her or someone who loses hope,  Her  legacy will stay on us " life is worth living  even for few seconds, for minutes, for hour, for day, for month, for year......"', 'Dear God please bless this beautiful creature and give her healing! We need her in this world', 'Thank you Mr.Chris Coumo,your a good man helping Jane~Nightbirde with her battle...Jane is a Gift from God to everyone on earth. She has inspired millions of people who witnessed her performance on AGT and other interviews and the1st interview on CNN with Chris.Her voice is so pristine and sweet.I can only put her in a Genius class for writing great songs like a Freddie Mercury or Michael Jackson and a voice such as theres as well.She has the Magic to create and perform Brilliantly. I ask everyone around the world to pray for this God sent angel Nightbirde~Jane,not because of her great talents,but because she a great human being.', 'Nightbird.. You are one amazing, beautiful woman. I only wish all your dreams come true. I will Pray for you and you will sing your special song when the Ca is gone. You are incredible. Best of luck and love. May the Butterflies always fly around you!!', 'Really pulling for you Nightbirde!\n\nI want you to stay, but I know you might fly away...', 'What an amazing woman ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ God bless her 🙏🏾🙌🏾🙏🏾', "YOU GOT THIS NIGHTBIRDE- I was told I wouldn't live through something and did. I didn't know what to do after as no one had thought to tell me to plan to live. \n\nPlan to live girl", "I think  she's  here  for this  purpose, to give hope. And regardless  of how  this  story ends, she has  fulfilled  that purpose. What a tremendous  blessing  she  is to  us all.", 'She is amazing, and so inspiring! I love you Nightbirde!', "When it's in your liver, it's over, especially to that extent. Unfortunately I know this very well. \n\nI'm not going to admonish her, but I will say that it's best to make peace with dying young, to have the courage to admit what you truly know will happen, and to die with dignity facing your inevitable complete annihilation without any unbecoming evasiveness but rather full stoic bravery and acceptance, as the person I knew who died young from metastasized cancer did, with the full knowledge that she would cease to exist forever (she didn't believe in any after life, which is almost certainly the case).", 'I wish nightbird will fully recover, may God bless you.', 'You are a sweet and beautiful Angel. Keep the Candle of Hope burning Nightbird. Sending you much love', 'You are amazing many prayers to you for you spirit and zest for life keep singing and God bless', 'What an awesome amazing young woman..love her 2 bits...that smile❣❣❣', 'I have a lot of criticism of cnn, especially in the past year or so. But, really glad Chris did this interview. No words really to describe it, other than I hope for the best in her outcome.', "Keep the faith the hope God's with you and your angels you'll be okay day by day keeps singing and you'll be fine", 'Bless her. She will beat it. ❤️🙏', 'I hope she lives song and writes inspirational books and keeps speaking to inspire us all', 'God can do miracle and He will do it for you because you have a good heart ❤ .', 'Blessings and prayers to you!!!', 'It’s heartbreaking 💔god bless you xxx', 'This story puts most struggles into nothing. What an amazing story.', 'Nightbirde life is a miracle any thing is possible so keep holding faith the almighty works  miracles  you have a huge fan praying for you much ❤❤ to you from a cancer patient', 'The U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General’s Corps on Wednesday, 8/4/2021, \nhung former National Security Advisor Susan Rice, just a month after a \nMilitary Tribunal at Guantanamo Bay found her guilty of High Treason and\n recommended that she be put to death for crimes committed against the \nnation and its citizenry.', 'Thank you, Chris, for starting a fundraiser for her!! ♥️', 'I pray for strength & healing for this young lady🙏', 'Keep on fighting your fight for as long as you can! Love from Canada!', 'You are a beautiful awesome person Jane. You won AGT already. Keep dreaming and hoping. The whole world is cheering for you. Love from Portsmouth Virginia.', 'I love this man you so beautiful to a beautiful woman keep fighting u inspire the whole world', "How can there possibly be  thumbs down.  I can't understand humanity", 'I pray she makes it. Keep going, Nightbird ✨🙏✨💜✨🦋✨', 'I like this interview. Because it is important to remember that she won this audition because she is a skilled musician, not because she has the cancer. Hence, what people are most interested in is music. If she gets through this, she will earn a lot of life material to improve her music and writing, and there is no telling what she will create next. I am going to try some of her previous singles.', 'I love you lady and look forward to that album you were talking about ,I believe it will happen also! Praying for you', 'Keep Strong,  always in my prayers. Blessings 🙏🇨🇦❤️.', 'Her voice is really amazing! 🥰', 'I hope the very best for here ❤️🙏❤️🙏❤️ She is Amazing 💕'], ['If the hospital’s are offering 25k singing bonuses, they need to give the same to the staff that’s remaining, they can pay on their student loans.', 'It’s not about the money. It’s exhausting work working at the bedside with little help, struggling to continue to give the best care you can. I’ve been a nurse for 9 years— this is affecting every other Avenue of healthcare in addition to the Covid cases.', 'I have a friend who’s been an ER nurse for almost 25 years. As tough and strong as they come. She left her career earlier this year because of what she’s been experiencing the last year. Public stupidity and it’s not letting up.', 'Thank you President Biden and the likes of Dr Fauci who follow the Science. Ignorance is the root of misfortune', "Cam Paterson was my boss. He's the coolest and most level headed Dr I've ever worked with.", "We retail workers have been doing it for months. Between the micromanaging of the staff because we don't have enough people to the brutality of the customers, we've had it. I support the nurses and doctors.", 'I quit in May, best decision I ever made. Just realized that I have to prioritize my self before others.', "A lot of the problems we are having during this pandemic wouldn't have been a problem if our healthcare system was designed around preventative care instead of urgent care. \n\nAs long as we have private healthcare and people can't afford to regularly see their doctor we will continue to see surges like this as propagandists are more accessible then doctors.", 'That’s the saddest. Burning someone’s compassion out of them. \n\nGuys, don’t burn out the givers in your life. These people literally give their time/money/emotions/etc. to you FOR FREE. All you have to do is don’t be a butthole.', 'When hospitals start closing... then people will know how serious the situation is.', 'This is what happens when there’s an epidemic of stupidity.', 'As a caretaker having worked through the lockdown, quarantine, pandemic, I’m nearly there. Just at the end of a rope I’ve kept stretching for as long as I could.. can. *Mental and emotional exhaustion is heavy*', 'A good friend of mine is a Nurse. Last year I sent her CARE packages to help keep her spirits up! Guess I will start doing that again!', "I wear my mask to protect my fellow humans. I don't really care why you didn't get the vaccine. I just don't want to be the cause of anyone's suffering.", 'They been through this before: it’s not fair that they have to risk their lives for selfish individuals.', "I don't blame them for quitting.", 'The Republican Governor should be arrested for negotiating his job and keeping his people out of harm way', 'Imagine how the families of sick non-COVID patients feel being denied a bed', 'Idk why ppl were acting like the pandemic disappeared in April!  I knew this was coming I just hoped it wouldn’t be this bad again so soon.  🤦🏽\u200d♀️', "If the hospital's are offering 25k singing bonuses, they need to give the same to the staff that's remaining, they can pay on their student loans.", "Many of these jobs are thankless in the best of times. I don't blame them one bit.", "They'll get relief when a new aggressive variant occurs and starts claiming people in droves.  The only people that will be walking away from their jobs are grave diggers.", 'I’d be tired of helping people who couldn’t be bothered to help themselves in the first place.', 'I fully support the doctors quitting, there’s a difference between feeling like you can’t do anything to help yourself, not knowing how to help yourself, or can’t help yourself vs CHOOSING not to help yourself, and FIGHTING the people that are trying to help you. Docs are not only facing resistance but also hostility, that I fear could only get worse. they have every right in the world to quit and or to protest.', 'When pretty much everywhere else in the world is doing a better job than the country most equipped to do the job.', 'We’re not held hostage by the virus.  We are being held hostage by stupidity.', 'In Houston our governor was clapping 👏🏾 about not wearing a mask. He said no we don’t need help but we’re seeing people die. No matter what your profession it’s sad 😡.', 'To the nurses and doctors and first responders.  Me and mine have been quarantined since the beginning.  We only get out if we have to and we always wear our mask.  We haven’t even gathered with family or friends.  We haven’t been to a restaurant in over a year now.  No retail shopping.  We do this to protect our family and yours.  We do this bc it’s common sense.  We support our front line workers and we thank you for your service 💜 God bless you and keep you well.', 'Imagine there’s no nurses and doctors left? Who gonna treat and take care patients? None. Treat and care yourself.', 'Oh my, I was frustrated when no one believed me that I wasn’t ok. Unable to breathe with covid pneumonia is what got me admitted. The frustration was real. I could have died, I regret, yes regret not being vaccinated. I hate that I waited too long to get the vaccine.', 'I’m a healthcare worker and it does take a toll on you especially when the patients keep come in the staff keep leaving and it’s like your doing the job of two and three people it’s mentally emotionally and physically draining', 'Companies have to understand, with the way things are now. No amount of money is enough when it comes to the employees mental health and safety. This will be the new norm in the workplace.', 'Praying for r children as they go back to school', 'Dude, they just need to do more “dancing nurses” tic tox like last year.. that really seemed to help the situation', 'Well said.  Worst surge when the vaccine has been distributed.  Yes indeed.  Pretty sure we can figure out where this virus came from.   It is so obvious. Be safe everyone.', 'The focus should shift from providing the vac to providing good treatment. Honesty is protected by the availability of options.', "Can we lay the election map over the covid map and see what's the same", 'I honestly would too. Can’t be bothered to keep looking out for and caring for voluntarily unvaccinated people.', 'Glad to see healthcare workers putting themselves before a bunch of adults who refuse to get vaccinated...', 'Can anyone blame them? Deaths day after day that many of which was preventable, being accused of being apart of a conspiracy and disrespect. They should do what they need to do for their mental health and physical health.', 'Let Darwin take it’s course. There’s no convincing someone about vaccines or masks until they are on their deathbed. But hey they got their freedom until their last breath.\nI hate masks but you know what, if I gotta wear one for the betterment of the people around me I’ll do it.', 'Matthew 5:5\nBlessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.', 'As a RN i will say yes its a struggle. There are days i want to walk away as well. Over half of the people that come in are unvaccinated and in desperate need of attention. We dont have the man power because alot of our staff have caught it too.', 'Remember the heroes act? The one that was supposed to give hero pay to us Hospital workers. Well, here it is more than a year later, and the only people getting Hazard pay are the ones who have been sitting on their butt for 18 months. We Who have risked Our Lives, destroyed our health, and frazzled ourselves.... we get doodly', 'As a hospital worker the stress is intense and code calls are increasing daily. It’s scary especially when you still have so many Americans acting as if this isn’t really happening and it’s some form of conspiracy. All of those loud mouthed politicians acting as if this is a joke should be forced to work in an ICU for a couple of days and speak to the families who have lost a loved one.', "No way this is on Biden!\nIt's TDUMP 100%", 'Just reject those karens, those refused to vac, those never wear masks, just give treatment only to those realllyyy deserved to be treated.', 'the reporter/narrator is very good: clear reporting and compassion. the whole report is well done in that sense. 🌷🌼', "Medical staff are frustrated, overwhelmed and burned out. I can't blame them when they see unvaccinated covid patients every day and there is now no reason for it except ignorance.", 'As a Healthcare worker, I can definitely understand the frustration. I took a vacation to protect my mental health.', 'No amount of money is going to make me work in a hospital again. I am an RN and I saw this coming. Thank you very much. I will stick to my You Tube and virtual social programs for my clients. Hope it was worth it to you unvaccinated people.', "I am an RN in Geriatric Long term care. The last round of COVID killed over 30% of our residents. The symptom that most think of as a pretty benign symptom took most of them; the loss of taste and smell. They quit eating or drinking. I knew these people before they were sick. I spent time with them, and loved them. Every resident in our building got COVID except one. I think only 3 people that worked the floor wound up not getting it ( I was one of them), one person in the kitchen didn't get it, and one of the Department heads (Business office manager). All at one time, all the managers were out with it and my entire night crew had it (absolutely all of them). I worked 16-20 hours a day on the floor and also had to work on scheduling and begging staffing agencies for staff. It was hell, and I am not sure that I can do it again.", "I like how the map shows it spreading out like ants. It's almost here in PA ill know when everyone starts coughing again.", 'Good,  they should get a raise too. Nurses are people too.', 'I think many medical workers in many parts of world are at their limits. We need people to vaccinate and achieve herd immunity so that we can ease medical stress for these poor medical workers.', "Being a doctor was already stressful. I couldn't work in healthcare.", "Red means full/non functional/broken, it's just like the electoral map.", 'Those sick people who had been denying COVID19 and refused to have COVID vaccine should not occupy hospital beds.', 'I think most of us, would reach an emotional breaking point, after being surrounded by pain, suffering, grief, and death after 18 months. There is only so much heartache one can take.', 'In Florida we have the same situation a shortage of nurses and other healthcare workers.  Also our ambulance service has so many calls right now it takes one hour before a ambulance gets to your house in Tampa and Jacksonville.', 'This was inevitable, the short and long term effects of this will take years to be realized… keep avoiding vaccines and masks, folks. Your “freedom” is more important than healthcare professional worker’s well-being. Always.', 'I live in a city of 350,000. My wife is a RN and she says nothing has changed in the past year and a half. We don’t wear masks and neither do our children. My wife only has to wear one at work and if mandatory vaccinations become a law for nurses thousands will quit.', 'ME: CDC, should I get poked if I already had Covid?\nCDC: “Yes, you should be poked regardless of whether you already had COVID-19. That’s because experts do not yet know how long you are protected from getting sick again after recovering from COVID-19.”\nME: Oh, okay, we don’t know how long natural immunity lasts. Got it. So, how long does poke-induced immunity last?\nCDC: “There is still a lot we are learning about COVID-19 pokes and CDC is constantly reviewing evidence and updating guidance. We don’t know how long protection lasts for those who are poked.”\nME: Okay … but wait a second. I thought you said the reason I need the poke was because we don’t know how long my natural immunity lasts, but it seems like you’re saying we ALSO don’t know how long poke immunity lasts either. So, how exactly is the poke immunity better than my natural immunity?\nCDC: …\nME: Uh … alright. But, haven’t there been a bunch of studies suggesting that natural immunity could last for years or decades?\nCDC: Yes.\nNEWYORKTIMES: “Years, maybe even decades, according to a new study.”\nME: Ah. So natural immunity might last longer than poke immunity?\nCDC: Possibly. You never know.\nME: Okay. If I get the poke, does that mean I won’t get sick?\nBRITAIN: Nope. We are just now entering a seasonal spike and about half of our infections and hospital admissions are poked people.\nME: CDC, is this true? Are there a lot of people in the U.S. catching Covid after getting the poke?\nCDC: We stopped tracking breakthrough cases. We accept voluntary reports of breakthroughs but aren’t out there looking for them.\nME: Does that mean that if someone comes in the hospital with Covid, you don’t track them because they’ve been poked? You only track the UN-poked Covid cases?\nCDC: That’s right.\nME: Oh, okay. Hmm. Well, if I can still get sick after I get the poke, how is it helping me?\nCDC: We never said you wouldn’t get sick. We said it would reduce your chances of serious illness or death.\nME: Oh, sorry. Alright, exactly how much does it reduce my chance of serious illness or death.\nCDC: We don’t know “exactly.”\nME: Oh. Then what’s your best estimate for how much risk reduction there is?\nCDC: We don’t know, okay? Next question.\nME: Um, if I’m healthy and don’t want the poke, is there any reason I should get it?\nCDC: Yes, for the collective.\nME: How does the collective benefit from me getting poked?\nCDC: Because you could spread the virus to someone else who might get sick and die.\nME: Can a poked person spread the virus to someone else?\nCDC: Yes.\nME: So if I get poked, I could still spread the virus to someone else?\nCDC: Yes.\nME: But I thought you just said, the REASON I should get poked was to prevent me spreading the virus? How does that make sense if I can still catch Covid and spread it after getting the poke?\nCDC: Never mind that. The other thing is, if you stay unpoked, there’s a chance the virus could possibly mutate into a strain that escapes the pokes protection, putting all poked people at risk.\nME: So the poke stops the virus from mutating?\nCDC: No.\nME: So it can still mutate in poked people?\nCDC: Yes.\nME: This seems confusing. If the poke doesn’t stop mutations, and it doesn’t stop infections, then how does me getting poked help prevent a more deadly strain from evolving to escape the poke?\nCDC: You aren’t listening, okay? The bottom line is: as long as you are unpoked, you pose a threat to poked people.\nME: But what KIND of threat??\nCDC: The threat that they could get a serious case of Covid and possibly die.\nME: My brain hurts. Didn’t you JUST say that the poke doesn’t keep people from catching Covid, but prevents a serious case or dying? Now it seems like you’re saying poked people can still easily die from Covid even after they got the poke just by running into an unpoked person! Which is it??\nCDC: That’s it, we’re hanging up now.\nME: Wait! I just want to make sure I understand all this. So, even if I ALREADY had Covid, I should STILL get poked, because we don’t know how long natural immunity lasts, and we also don’t know how long poke immunity lasts. And I should get the poke to keep a poked person from catching Covid from me, but even if I get the poke, I can give it to the poked person anyways. And, the other poked person can still easily catch a serious case of Covid from me and die. Do I have all that right?\n…\nME: Um, hello? Is anyone there?', 'How sad but you can’t blame them.  They have taken enormous risk with their own lives for a long time now.', 'the workers knew their responsibility im glad that finally they already know that they also need to take care of themselves... i salute all the hospital workers and Frontliners!', "All this could've been avoided if they were vaccinated", "I find it it interesting that alot of health care workers (many) have lost there jobs. No shot, no job. That's why hospitals are short staffed. This is going on all over the country. Let's not forget all the healthcare workers that got laid off during the last covid strike due to lack of patients in hospitals. It happened here in Michigan and all over.", 'Why aren’t these states asking for military medical help through the National Guard?  Don’t the NG help in any kind of emergencies, including a pandemic?', "When your understaffed and overworked, sometimes the money just isn't worth it.", "3:24 Look very closely at the hot spots on the map and how it progresses over the ensuing month. Note the sources. It's all spreading from GOP states...south to north. I wonder why??", 'People are making the same mistake over and over again because they chose to be dumb. \nInsanity: “Doing the same thing over and over again and excepting different results. “\nAlbert Einstein.', 'What’s sad is that universities are giving the title of nurse like hot cake to just \nship them quick to the hospitals\n\nYet they don’t even know how to withdraw blood from your veins', '"The mistake" in case anyone is wondering is vilifying those who are trying to tell you that Covid is real and a threat to many, many people. That\'s THE mistake. You deny it exists. You don\'t social distance, you don\'t wear masks, and if you\'re 99% of people, you don\'t get vaccinated even if for YOU, that vaccine is no more dangerous than getting a flu shot which I\'m sure you get yearly without whining about it.', "Working in a hospital myself I know what they feel. Entitled brats get sick and believe they deserve to be treated and their families become obsessively demanding. People who really need care like cancer patients,people waiting for surgeries and other terminal diseases are being turned away. It's just not acceptable.", 'When you compare health care workers to chefs.\n\nAntivaxxers spent a whole year cussing out the chefs, dont be surprised if they spit in your food.', '0:20\n"The reddest day"\nHow accurate.\nBrought on by the GOP reds', 'When you treat your staff like crap and they know they can work elsewhere that’s what they do. I am proud the employee is waking up', '"There is nothing more dangerous in the world than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity." MLK', 'This is just crazy and I feel bad for those who have to deal with it or even had it! I work at a facility where it surges I have not gotten it since it reared in Nov 2019..', 'They’re so busy that they have enough time to tweet and sit down about it😂 🤲🏻', "These poor, brave medical personnel. If it was me, I'm afraid I would close my doors to the unvaccinated at this point.", 'We direly need to teach rational skepticism in all high schools as a required course.', 'Since the beginning of the Pandemic. I suggested that everyone that doesn’t believe in Covid or Social distancing. should sign a petition for later in the year if they end up contracting the virus nurses and healthcare workers can refuse to aid in their health.', 'I know 25 ppl who’ve had it.  None of them were hospitalized', 'What’s different is Biden let 153 countries into our country without No Vaccinations! What did he expect? These nurses are worn down like a damn emery board, I don’t blame those nurses, they have to look after their health too.', 'Must be really difficult to care for patients that hate them.', 'Simple solution: DO NOT PROVIDE medical attention to unvaccinated people when it was their choice not to get the vaccine. It is their choice to die, we should respect their will. Pass a law and make it known to everyone in these states where people are just rejecting a simple solution to save their lives. Who the heck is going to pay for the medical bills all these ignorants are creating? I’m sure I won’t be wrong to assume most of them don’t even have health insurance!', "I understand this completely, we're so tired. 🤯🤯", "I know 3 vaxed people who got covid-19 so there's that. Vax isn't going to stop this.", 'The last person you want to see get burned out on the job, is your doctor when your life depends on him/her.', 'The 1918 Flu Pandemic had three waves (initial pandemic, then two resurgences).  I wonder if there are lessons from that pandemic that we are seeing repeat themselves in terms of vaccine hesitancy, efficacy, or variant dissemination.  The old adage... "History repeats itself".  That flu virus spawned three pandemics also... 1918, 1977 in Russia, and 2009 swine flu.  FYI.', 'Thank you to all front-line workers. They have been fighting for all of us', 'Let me all die\nShould be back to normal in a year or less', "1:07  -- 'could you imagine that a new surge would come at a time in which the vaccine was available?'\n\nI've got to get my shot.", 'My mom is a Registered Nurse and got Covid a while ago along with many of her co-workers. She almost died and ended up in the hospital. Her boss called her while she was in the hospital to ask when she would be back at work because they were short staffed; it unbelievable!', 'Biden said " we have vaccinated 350 million already". So, seeing how that is over the countries population, why are we still talking about it?', 'I feel so bad for health care workers having to deal with this crap. Its the equivalent of people with IBS chugging down hot sauce and expecting the janitors to clean up the inevitable aftermath', 'Health care workers have been on a power trip for over a year now.', "To hell with these people. Y'all goofy and terrified of what supposedly isnt real.", 'okay, so let me get this straight, the states with the highest infection rates are the ones with the lowest vaccination rates? i just would not have seen that coming... (heavy sarcasm)', "I can't imagine what they grow through.", '"The unvaccinated"... but the CDC LITERALLY says the vaccinated ALSO spread it. SO...... chill', 'I would like to volunteer everyone who is actively telling people not to get vaccinated to take a couple of shifts in one of these hospitals. Starting with Tucker Carlson and cohorts.', 'Lol... lies, lies, lies! They just said that the Vaxed and Unvaxed are equally spreading Delta at the same rate. Stop trying spread fear to the people.', "Can you really blame people who know that when society says 'essential' we really mean 'expendable'? Society has an obligation to protect our healthcare workers.", "MSM doesn't really care about nurses, it's been a dry spell since the TEACHERS have been MIA.", "California is on fire with no end in sight. Isn't that fantastic. The wicked are fleeing but there's no place to go no place to hide. The fires going to get you no matter where you go", 'This is exactly the same story they broadcast last year only it’s missing the words “this is why a total lockdown is necessary” Nonstop and incredibly easy to spot double talk.', "It's strange how much they push for this vaccine. I've gotten the two doses of Moderna and I've never had so many sicknesses before.", 'imagine being able to pay new hires a $25,000 bonus but for some reason you cant pay your current employees an extra 15k over an entire year', 'And These patients are often Karen’s and Ken’s, both young and old and are rude to these medics', 'People refused the shot. Now they are experiencing the ramifications.', '"How do you keep from getting angry?".......that\'s propaganda', "The map shows me vaccinated and nonvaccinated are still going up among the vaccinated. Don't you think the vaccines would have this under control. These nonsterile vaccines are spreading the variants.", 'WHEN WHEN WHEN will hospital administrators STAND UP and tell the politicians to STOP spreading mis information. They are dealing with this burnout, and the consequences of the health of us all', 'My heart goes to them.', "I'm leaving the medical field after 35 years, not doing this anymore. When you can't get people to do their part to help, but instead, everything to keep this out of control makes trying to help pointless. I'm watching unvaccinated friends die now. I'm done with this.", 'Praying for the pharmacists and pharmacy techs I’ve worked with at Ochsner main campus….also praying for the nurses and doctors I worked with and for there too.  I don’t miss working there but I know they’re stretched thin during this trying time!', '1:29 COVID hospitalizations have exploded? They went up 10% in the last 2 months. Go look at the numbers from last June/July if you really want to see an explosion.', "We aren't held hostage by the virus, rather by stupidity and hubris....", 'thumbup to this Asian dude...\n\nwho is to blame?\n\n"China, OBAMA"……"MAGA"', 'I cry before going to work too and I’m not even a nurse', "Many people in Asia and Africa really want but can't get Pfizer or Moderna vaccines. In the overpriviledged USA, many people refuse the vaccines even though they are widely available.", "It bothers me that the field reporter isn't wearing a mask. The optics shows me the local news doesn't give a care.", 'Imagine working in these hospitals and seeing your governor continue to downplay Covid-19\nI’d quit too knowing that they don’t intend to help', "At this point we're screwed if we don't have a health system", "As an Healthcare worker, I know first hand that these places are not ran right that's a big reason why nurses are quitting their jobs. There are not gonna tell you the real problems and it's always in-house with hospitals and nursing facilities.", 'When the lies stop..the covid will stop...people please...wake up... All lies.👎', 'What $25k signs up bonus?   It’s bs, my son is finishing up his bachelor degree in science but no hospital in Oklahoma City willing to give him a chance.', 'I dont blame them one bit for quitting. They are underpaid and overworked.', 'That’s got to be tough to watch so many people die for no real reason other than stubbornness and stupidity. It’s hard to watch from the sidelines. You essential workers deserve so much more.', "That's what happens when the previous president advocated bleach as treatment for Covid and the current president advocated no need for masks if you're vaccinated.", 'Where is this hospital posting 25K? I haven’t done bedside in a few years but I can still do the job blind folded with my hands cuffed behind my back.', "These health care workers are on the receiving end of public stupidity who don't vaccinate.", "So basically, these nurses are tired of risking their lives helping people who don't care about their own???", "I watched Grey's Anatomy season 17 and they basically showed what it is like for these doctors and health care worker. It was horrible, I can just imagine what it is really like in real life. Watching it made me feel so sad and grateful at the same time. So many ppl died without a loved one by their side. So many ppl didnt get to see their loved ones before they died. It was a lot to watch!! It must be even worse to live and work through. Get vaccinated guys.😫", 'Solution needs to be if you are unVaccinated and get COVID then you are on your own unless there is a legit medical reason you didn’t get vaccinated.', 'They\'re trying to blame the unvaccinated but it\'s the "pandemic partiers" that super spread the virus. We have a country that has put party over priority thus causing the country to remain suffering over things that should have been resolved during Civil Rights, technological advancements and affordability. However, this country decided to party as opposed to prioritize. This pandemic has truly exposed what\'s really happening in this society and it\'s ugly. God help us.', 'Last time the doctors and nurses for dancing and having a wonderful time what happened', "I thought covid didn't like the summer heat. It appears to love it.", 'Why were vaccinated asked to start wearing masks again!? Because somebody KNOWS vaccinated can carry the germ to others.', 'Have they been walking off because of the rise in cases or because you are forcing them too get vaccinated or be fired? Would be interesting to see.', 'It’s causing CPTSD and no amount of money will change the facts!  Prayers for the nurses who have shouldered the personal impact of this situation 🙏❤️', 'I am tired also. I am persecuted by my owm supervisors and Department Head. So I am stressed by those who are supposed to have my back. Instead I have a knife in it😥', 'And then imagine having to walk past protesters calling you a liar to get to work saving the lives of those same protesters.', 'As you can see from this graph you’re all gonna die. Give in to the government now', 'I hear that some nurses are refusing mandatory vaccination so they quit', "Watch a vid regarding the Gov of AR at a town hall meeting. One guy said the over crowded hosp he went to had one patient. Can you believe that because I don't. My response would have been, well when you get covid, guess you know where to go. You'll get lots of service there.  The lies these idiots spew are unimaginable.  They;ve just got to get it to believe it, I guess.", 'Now watch the media blame them for it. I mean shit, even CNN says "they couldn\'t take it anymore" like *they* weren\'t strong enough, not that *we* took them for granted, and refused to mask up, get our vaccines, so we could maybe make their jobs easier, or the hospitals could spend the money necessary to keep them safe, not worry about looking bad.\n\nNo. It\'s "they couldn\'t handle it"', '"It\'s not getting any smarter out there."\n-- Frank Zappa', "It's time to let the unvaccinated suffer the consequences, you have every right to deny the vaccine, but you also need to ride out the illness at your home. No unvaccinated should receive any hospital help, no matter how bad you get, PERIOD.", 'Aunt has a drinking problem and ptsd thank you for anyone that is fighting vaccines and mask', '“BuT tHE eCOnOmY!!”', "My daughter works in a hospital in California. She tells me conditions at the hospital are bad, especially since short staffing is wearing out the employees. Unfortunately, she can't afford to quit.", 'I can’t imagine working amongst such mass ignorance. Darwinism is real, science-deniers. Good luck!', 'Have they tried paying medical professionals more than McDonald’s?', 'Don’t they know Alabama was a test state for the untied states. They used to pay them to take test shots.', 'The fact this segment has an interview/PR placement with Bill Gates is a joke', "It's messed up that everything has to be  political.  But this is absolutely republican leaderships fault. Right wing media also has don't this. One group of people are clearly at fault", 'Sturgis gonna take it to the next level', 'They need to rotate workers. 2 days on, 2 days off. They need to tend their mental and pay them too. 2 hour lunch breaks even. Going going going is hard, a break in that will do wonders.', 'CNN is "Comedy Central" type propaganda.  It\'s like watching Impractical Jokers.\n🙄 By the way, I already know "Impractical Jokers" isn\'t on "Comedy Central".', 'Red everywhere on this map, red for covid cases and transmission, also red for hard core GOP voter areas. Where is it not so red? New England. New Hampshire and Vermont are more conservative, but they also have deep commitments to the well being of their communities, and there is a much higher level of education in every New England state vs most other places in the U.S. So no matter how we vote, we here in New England have been doing pretty well in taking care of ourselves and our communities. We are good at looking at the mistakes of others and learning from them.', "I can't wait to watch how mad they get when it gets to the point where some people die because they couldn't receive hospital services due to no workers.\n\nNurses are done they don't wanna take care of covid patients anymore.", "I was a nurse's  aide for 15 yrs. I quit  before the pandemic because  it was just to much.  I loved my job but the stress and the physical  stress just kills you day by day.", 'That is interesting. The cases we have seen have been on vaccinated people too. Not just unvaccinated. Even have had people who have been vaccinated say they don’t know why they even took it. Report it accurately!!!', 'The moment you mentioned most being not vaccinated was misinformation', 'What people don’t realize is exactly what was said in this news report: “The hospital personnel have seen more patient deaths than what is usually seen in a career”…', '"I cry before I came into work"  you need to listen to metal in the morning, trust trust trust absolute trust me on this one!!!!!', 'Imagine getting paid to risk getting Delta COVID and then dying from contracting it while working, that would be the shittiest way to die LOL!', 'Really surprised it took this long to see these reports..', 'Add flight crew to that list. Burnt out, fed up and now telling staff if they don’t vaccinate can be fired.', 'if i were a medical staff in those states run by the republican governors, i would quit also.', "I don't blame them at all it's unfortunate. When you have politicians fighting for power instead of doing what's best for the country and the ppl. The only ones to suffer are the ppl.", "They couldn't take what? Having CNN playing on the TV in reception, spewing its constant stream of lies? I sympathize completely.", 'I work at a Nursing home in Texas. It is frustrating! I understand.', 'Yooo idk how I forgot that antivaxxers were a thing before covid...this "concern" has nothing to do with the covid vaccines. \n\nThese people litterally believe vaccines cause autism...so just stop talking to them, they been gone for years now.', "People thinking Americans do the right thing shows how fast we're forgetting the last 4 years already.", 'I noticed once everyone just imagined it was over ppl all stopped washing their hands and and covering their mouths when they sneeze.  People are gross.  That goes for vaccinated and unvaccinated.  Back to pre pandemic hygiene', 'They need to give us nurses debriefing and counseling', 'Ppl in healthcare are quitting, ppl in retail are quitting, ppl in the service industry are quitting… let’s all quit. 🤷\u200d♀️😂', 'I have been in healthcare over 30 years. Hospitals go on divert all the time when there is not enough staff! If this jab is mandated- this will make it worse. Patients will suffer, there will be more mistakes and in worst case- DEATH!', "I would quit too, and move to a state that is taking this crisis seriously. No sense trying to save people who don't want to be saved. Leave these states to bury their dead.", 'And were almost 2 years into this .', "They're tired of keeping up with the charade.", 'You sure they\'re quitting en masse because of "surges" and not because of forced inoculation? Hmmmmmmm 🤔', 'I know several ICU/emergency nurses in their late fifties and early sixties who were delaying their retirements, who just decided now was a good time to go. They had been through the first wave who have never recovered physically, psychologically and spiritually.', 'the stuff I heard from nurse friends I am not surprised. The threat to their own wellbeing, the horrendous working conditions and low pay and on top of all of that.....people disregarding their efforts and basically spitting on their work.', 'I thought Biden knew how to get rid of covid, that’s what he said when he was running for President!! But it’s worse than it’s ever been.', 'Just  a few months til i am 65.  I dont know if i can make it. Ive hit the wall. We deserve a 6 figure income. It isnt easy and i am not a floor nurse.', 'I wonder how many wouldn’t wear masks 😷 or how many weren’t taking D3, Thyme…still socializing in tight space locations or going to parties without a mask and not using sanitizer or disinfectant in their homes, work…and how many got the vaccine and still got infected🤔', "Can't fly without the vaccine. Period. That will go a LONG ways toward fixing this.", 'Not mentioned on this video — medical workers quitting and being fired because they’re hesitant to get vaccinated.', 'I would think this would be happening on a grander scale.', 'So much drama all at one time is called overacting', 'I imagine the 2 weeks notice was something like "O you could have got the shot but you didn\'t... now your here, got me working 20 days straight because you want to be hard headed........ Yea I quit".  I don\'t blame any of those who quit.', 'These ppl have some nerve showing up for help when they will not help themselves by getting the Dam Shot. Wake these ding bats up!', 'Every health worker should get a Huge bonus  $$$ \nThat and design a new humanitarian medal  for them🌱', "I feel it's the vaccinated that's spreading it. They thought it couldn't spread and stop wearing  masks because they got the shot and was very wrong about it. Shouldn't have stopped the mask mandates. It was too soon.", 'Yeah only 1% of people die from covid, but the people getting it and going to the hospital are going to kill people who actually deserve the beds.', 'This is happening because many Americans feel so entitled and have a ‘know it all ‘ mentality where they out just for themselves and their ‘rights’! But what about their ‘responsibility’ ? Not  everyone I know, but far too many 🥴', "I'm sure the rise in cases has nothing to do with all of the people crossing the border with c19", 'Here in the Philippines we’re not only wearing facemask we’re also wearing faceshields and free alcohol are in almost all places.', 'I applaud this move.', "Burnout and PTSD are the high costs of caring, it's a real mental health issue that rarely receives attention and after care for such phycological suffering is too often underfunded.", 'In my opinion just take a break and comeback.😊', 'Why would there be a vaccine and still have the most cases ever? 🤔🤔', 'instead of blaming on unvaccinated individuals, have a lockdown and sanitize everything outside and inside', 'I think health care workers should just strike until local, state, and federal politicians act on real mandatory public Heath guidelines.', 'Thank your Governor for this….', 'Nurses have been put on the back burner before Covid. I have been a nurse for 16 years. You have your license on the line every day while you are short staffed with CNAs, other nurses. You are yelled at by family members (which you totally understand, but not allowed to say the company is understaffed) You are used and abused and told you will be replaced. If you speak out you are targeted by the administration. That is the truth!', 'I know a lot of nurses who are one thing away from walking off.', '2:46 Is it just me or does this guy look like, talk like, move like William Shatner?', 'Hmm weird correlation. Seems red states are mostly the ones... well in the red.', 'And no one considers the border wave of migrants?', 'Everyone\'s lives are so boring they think everything is a Gov\'t conspiracy.  "THE Gov\'t is trying to put a chip in me!"  \nNobody wants to see how many times you can stop at Burgerking this week. Also you walk around with a phone tracking you isn\'t hard.', "No job is worth dying for! I would rather work from home than  taking care of people who are ignorant and won't get their vaccination. Giving your life up for the ignorant just isn't worth it.", "I can't imagine having other people's bad choices negatively effect me at work. I'd loose my shit if my life was nothing but emergencies that are totally preventable. Much love to the medical personnel laboring under that paradox.", "I wish we could track who caught it from being irresponsible etc. Send them home. Also, a lot of people are immunocompromised and the vaccine won't work.", 'The covid heat map matches the electoral map, fascinating.', "As of last night,  in my facility in Houston, we have converted the cardiac cath lab to overflow. IMU is full. CVICU is full, MICU is full. No more elective surgeries. People are on gurneys in the hallways despite turning all the private rooms into two beds.  Observation is now taking insulin drips and we have no techs 4 night out of the week. Only 2 on payroll.  No ward secretary to answer call lights. Code greens are followed by code blues because families are fighting. Violence is up because we can not get to people when they need assistance. They have offered bonus for working overtime, but very few are signing up due to exhaustion. Soon, codes are not going to last very long as we dont have the staff to perform cpr. people will start dying in their homes because EMT will be traveling far to find a bed if that is even an option. One hospital  North of Houston has already closed due to not having enough staff. It's time for people to start making out their wills.", 'If cnn says it, you gotta know it’s true.', 'I really should let government officials come and experience', "Why ain't you talkin bout Ivermectin?", "I don't know why they bother going to the hospital if they didn't get their inoculations. If they don't trust science, they should stay the F home and pray. I'd walk off the job too!", 'Omfg! Those greedy hospitals are willing to cut an excutives salary 😳 OMFG this covid sht must be real. They never respect their workers without making them work longer and harder days.', 'They should make the GOP staff the wards.', 'So this means that there are openings at these hospitals.', 'Ended up quitting a hospital job after 4 months because we were understaffed and overworked. The manager refused to hire applicants.', 'It would speak volumes if the Southern Border was controlled.  Allowing exposed, unvaccinated migrants to enter the country sends a huge mixed message.', 'After the C19 surge, there will be a PTSD surge.', 'My oldest is a RN in Tulsa. She is at the edge of quitting her job too. As a LPN she was a nurse in a retirement home. She lost so many people die to covid. Now ..they are so full 50 people in hallways. Death..no help..\nThe human soul can only handle so much. God bless you all.', 'Hospitals have been chronically understaffed & personnel overworked for years. The pandemic just illuminated the shit show that is most countries health care services.', 'If we were united and encouraging each other as neighbors, brothers, and sisters it would be much different. But we allowed this toxic work culture to completely consume us and attack anyone who critiques it. We are cannibalizing our own country. Tribalism and greed, and you all fucking know it.', 'I pray that they will get the vaccine already as i will do it too ! Amen hallelujah', "the ambulance should drop off the unvaccinated at MTG's house,  let her remind them that its nothing to be worried about.", 'Who do you sue if the vaccine kills you..?Faucci has said things and then changed what he said how does this work.🐞', '"We\'re down over 200 nurses." Well DUH! You reap what you sow, its the admin\'s own fault completely.', "I say the map tells all. Most of the states that usually vote blue, started off fine. Where was the red on this map about a month ago? Mainly the deep south and some of the west, and look where it's spreading... to the coasts. 🤦\u200d♀️ the map explains itself.", 'Time to buy that house in the south and then rent it out', 'I am in Taiwan and when we all saw educated people officials in the US sign on to these crazy policies, we collectively gasped at the ineptitude unfolding before our eyes.  - This  outcome is clearly as foreseeable as allowing a toddler to play in the road.', 'THAT RED MAP IS A LIE...    look at alaska, shows red in the st Elias mountains...    NO ONE LIVES THERE..', "Again it's crazy to me how people don't trust the medical community enough to take the vaccine but will trust them when they get sick. If you don't trust doctors, that's fine but be consistent 🤷🏽\u200d♂️", 'Looks like the red spread map started at the borders.', 'Since when have you ever needed bribes for a medical procedure?', 'We are nowhere near breaking away because everyone was in a rush for everything to open up again…petitions to recall governors, blatant refusal to social distance & stop large gatherings…so this is what they get…a situation worse than before..', 'But majority of them aren’t wearing their mask 🤦🏽\u200d♀️', 'So earlier in the clip a doctor is asked if he expected to see such a surge during summer with a vaccine available and he said no. The websites of the vaccines all say they don’t stop contracting this virus nor cease the spread. Delta variant is carried by the vaccinated usually Non-symptomatic. So how is pushing an ineffective vaccine the answer? We didn’t stay the hell at home long enough. Everyone craved social interaction and stimulation so we opened back up earlier than we should have. Too bad all that money corporations make can’t heal this virus right? Cause that’s who really gets hurt shutting this all down.', 'Nurses and other staff are quitting hospital staff to go work for a healthcare employment agency because the pay is much better and there is a lot more flexibility on where and how long they have to work.', 'What’s the age or demographics of these unvaccinated folks being hospitalized and dying?…\n\nI heard most are over White and over 80 years old…\n\nShouldn’t we work to reach that group with vaccines vs kids and young adults? 🤷🏽\u200d♂️', 'Much appreciation to the nurses & doctors all across the world 🙏', 'Make no mistake that hospitals, like all businesses, are short staffed. This is caused by The eviction moratorium and al the free money Biden throws around. Short staffed nutrition and environmental services departments end up pushing extra work on already short staffed nurses. On top of doing their job, nurses are not responsible for doing half the job of another individual AND provide safe care to patient assignments that are larger than they should be.', 'We have free healthcare & we managed in Canada. We sent adults to children hospitals in the high of tge crisis everyone had a quality service.', 'I don’t hear them saying wear a mask. Has the country given up on the citizens wearing mask?', 'Never listen to or take advice from a person with purple  hair.', 'Whyyy the hell did officials sign off on the mask off mandates?!', 'there is NOT going to be a "get back to normal"...more like new normal', "I'm done with it too. Time to crash the economy and usher in the new world order.", "This isn't happening because of lack of vaccinations. It's happening because how powerful the virus is. Even if 90 percent were vaccinated the mutations would present a much stronger variant. This virus has to be engineered.", "We'll need to take another census when this is finished.", 'This is what happens when you force vaccines on ppl', 'I’ve worked at two hospitals and one NCI site. People quit because of management and management thinks nothing of laying off the most experience nursing staff to save a buck then to turn around and hire low experience nurses from some community college cuz they’re cheap. Likely people won’t work for this hospital anymore .', 'Chicom spreading more LIES!!!', "This should give people an idea of why a fifty percent PTSD rating is automatically conferred upon combat medical care personnel who've earned a Combat Medical Badge. If only the civilian world had something roughly equivalent. And perhaps hospitals should aim their recruiting efforts at medical care providers with combat experience....", 'But yet they’re firing nurses for not taking the vaccine if they need nurses so bad why are they firing the nurses for not choosing to take it .', "you'd think the US would rework their healthcare system because of this", 'This is not about money or getting an increase in wages. This is pure frustration.', 'Devil can’t sleep now, do you see people, how they saying unccinated they really want to touch unvaccinated', "There comes a point where nurses and doctors have to think of themselves and their families and their futures- it's not that I don't feel sorrow and grief for people that believed what they were told, but they did, and it's too late to save them..", "Bye Felicia.. This is what happens when your Government is more intent on paying the lazy people's bills and not taking care of essential workers.. I hope it gets worse as more and more essential workers who have received nothing start walking", 'So threaten to lock it back down', "Don't get me wrong please, I did get the vaccine. I just feel, at this point, that people that haven't gotten the vaccine should just go ahead and stay home in bed like they have the flu when they get covid instead of overwhelming the hospitals.", 'Thank you  so much health 💓 care workers. Much love and prayers 🙏 North  Carolina', 'My sister in law and cousin are nurses. They told us that their co workers are quitting cause many of them don’t want a vaccine and their being told to take it. I’m sure many are stressed and burnt out, but this is not the only reason by a long shot.', 'When Life insurance  starts requiring people to get vaccinated, a good portion of the problem will be solved.', "Wait, but people who got the vaccine are still getting COVID, just not the fatal symptoms.\n\nThe infection rate is going up but isn't the deaths going *DOWN???*", 'On my paycheck last Friday, in addition to my regular work hours, I had 68.5 hours of On-call; in addition to those two I had 33.5 hours of OT. In two weeks & not by choice. I’m exhausted & SO DONE. This should NOT be happening & certainly NOT AGAIN. My other nurse friends are all on the verge of mental breaks. I can totally understand people snapping & walking out. ‘Available beds” doesn’t necessarily mean empty beds, it means “staffable beds”. There IS a difference. Unlike that doc, nurses ARE angry & have compassion fatigue. ‘ Merika may be looking for a nurse to take care of themselves or their family member before too much longer. Not worth ANY amount of money.', 'All schools should be remote....no questions or argument on that subject. Its time for Americans to fall down on their knees and seek God Almighty', 'They prolly quit cause the hospital made vaccinations mandatory', "I am surprised that most nurses and doctors in this interview still don't put their mask on.", "To many germs out their. I'm masking again. I'm almost to the place I don't even want to go out. You can get sick even if you had the vaccines. I know of at least 2 people who got it, and one died.", "Professors and teachers have about had it too.  Many professors are NOT in tenure tracks and work 12 months, so this isn't coming from folks resting on their laurels.  It's so frustrating.", "If COVID RATE and VACCINE RATE rising simultaneously then that tells me it IS NOT UNVACCINATED PEOPLE THAT ARE RAISING THE RATE OF THE DISEASE. That's just common sense.", '$25000 sign up bonuses!? Damn not bad!', 'Are they quitting cause of a "surge" or are they quitting cause they refuse to take the vaccine? Im going with the latter...', 'Guess he couldn’t make anymore TikTok videos 😆', 'I was warning people over a year ago that we could burn out our healthcare workers if we weren’t careful. And here we are. People weren’t careful.', "What do you expect when you mandate the workers don't worry I'm sure the lawsuits will alleviate the hospitals of that problem and wealth 😁", 'I see the same homeless unvaccinated people begging for money every day. Soo...', 'Yeah yeah yeah. You got over 700k vaccinated that are still getting COVID-19 and still blaming the unvaccinated. \nNews flash - If you didn’t get COVID-19 prior to getting vaccinated and now have Covid. Guess what? You should have never gotten the vaccine. There’s no reason to try and fix healthy people. \nIn other words, the vaccinated are doomed.', 'This is so sad!! I feel so sorry for these nurses and doctors. These idiots nit getting the vaccine are making me so angry', "I know hospital's are firing ppl for not getting vaccine. No matter, it's hard trusting when caught in so many lies.", "Between the anti-vaxxers and the Covid patients, I'd quit too. Half the population thinks you're killing people and the other half is begging you to save them.", 'Imagine if all the firefighters decided to quit in the middle of a forest fire, imagine if a shit ton of military quit because "it\'s too hard" in the middle of a battle. Get some therapy and go back to work, you shouldn\'t have become a healthcare worker if you can\'t handle this.', 'These poor health care workers should not have to deal with the stupidity of those not getting vaccinated & then needing ICU care.', "THEY DON'T NEED TO QUIT THEY JUST NEED TO STOP SAVING THE LIVES OF PEOPLE THAT INSIST ON CATCHING COVID AND DYING", 'WRONG!\n  Remember "Get vaxed, Lose the mask"\n  Now it\'s:  Get vaxed or get Axed.', 'Evolution is based not on natural selection, which includes the consciences of your free will.', "well you are almost 300 kk and 75 kk voted for the DOnald ... If those 75 kk do not the vaccine , well the republican party will probably lose some of the morons registered with the party hahahahha . It is a win, win situation I honestly don't see the problem....", 'YouTube can’t remove videos exposing their lies Fast Enough!!!!!!!', '@4:00 that ICU nurse is right .. my neighbor caught covid-19  .. 3 times .. the last time she was vaccinated . CNN is butthurt over vaccines but my neighbor caught rhe variant with having taken the vaccine 3 months prior ..smh..', "Biden threw these healthcare workers under the bus. He's done nothing to stop the spread. Even encouraging people to take off their masks back in May. This is unacceptable.", "They quit because they're smart enough to refuse the Vaccine...", 'I keep hearing they are walking off the job from mandatory vaccines.\nHow about you do a story on that.', 'Thank you DeSantis.', "I understand that nursing staff are overwhelmed. I have the greatest respect for nurses and doctors. They are at least financially compensated for there job. My wife is a house keeper who cleans in the ER and ICU putting herself in harms way for minimum wage. No bonuses or added protection. I'm just saying there are a lot of healthcare workers that are at risk with the nurses and doctors that nobody is even acknowledging.", "That's all those illegals you all letting in. That's the problem. Dont care about us", 'True heroes right there. Lol', "Or you know, like restaurant workers, you just don't pay them enough. And are understaffed. That's the real abuse", 'Hey CNN go to hospitals- they won’t take patients because they don’t have staff and now you are gonna have less doctors and nurses because we will refuse to take mandatory jabs!', "The need to protect their sanity and deal with hordes of people who gave themselves the virus is something I can't imagine. All the illness and death...  O, please let nurses (and janitors and nurse's aides and doctors) know we care about them and deeply appreciate what they do. And include those who had to leave.", '25k for signing bonus. They should give 50k. Bonus for peoples stay loyal and continue to work hard', 'Those who waged a war against vaccines should not have the privilege to be hospitalised. It’s unfair to front liners and people who truly cares as well as those who are allergic towards vaccines.', 'all the vaccines have graphene oxide in them!!!!', "STOP RESPECTING EVERYONE'S DECISIONS!!!", 'America seriously needs to build some schools...', 'Exercise and affordable healthy foods should be mandated...', "I feel like people don't understand how screwed up things will be if there's no health care workers around.", "It really sucks for the healthcare workers to have to go through this... especially when there is something that can prevent this. \nI do not blame them if they decide to quit to protect their own mental health.\nIt will be fine over time... as those people that may get sick get sick, then whatever happens, happens.     It's their choice and I made my choice to be protected so I won't worry about others", 'It’s natural selection. Darwin would study them.', 'So let me get this straight: you’ve done literally next to nothing to help these workers except post banners and send them a pizza party in the middle of a pandemic and actively worked against getting the pandemic under control in your state because “freedom” and now you’re shocked they can’t do it anymore?!?!?! FFS', "Ugh maybe it's more like the staff don't want to take the Vax. Well played.", "Every covid patient in my hospital has had the vaccine- I dont' have one single unvaccinated person in my hospital.", 'One thing that would help pass a law that unvaccinated individuals must pay for their entire Covid hospital care themselves out of pocket. Exception being those that were unable to be vaccinated because of existing medical condition. No religious exemption, no philosophical exemption.', 'You sure it\'s not because they DONT WANT TO BE FORCED THE "VACCINE"?', 'The excuse of ignorance? Yeah because some people are really slow learners. The USA has got to really improve the education system', 'My husband was an ER doctor for 32 years. He intended to work 5 more years. We actually had to live apart for 5 months before we were vaccinated because I have a very bad heart problem. In June my husband was completely burned out and saw this new wave coming. He retired on July 31st. He stopped asking sick patients why they hadn’t gotten the vaccine because he couldn’t stand to hear their pathetic excuses. Many of my husband’s colleagues are all thinking of quitting or retiring. Soon there will be nobody to care for the sick…not just the Covid sick, but all those other things that bring people to an ER ( heart attacks, strokes, car accidents, etc).', "Ngl, as long as it doesn't happen on my city I don't mind too much.", 'The hospitals are abusing nursing staff, even medical staff. It is not covid patients. It is the guys graduated from MBA who are abusing nurses.', 'I find that hard to believe that there a shortage of Nurses and Nurse Assistant. there are 1000 thousand of people that need jobs. Train untrained people and pray pray pray that God will destroy the virus for good.', 'My heart goes out to these healthcare workers.', "Hmmm... Not all Nurses want to be forced to be vaccinated, alot (like many americans) aren't against the vaccine like the media and every crazy person wants to make it out, Most just want to give it more trial time.... like normal... Which is a logical and very smart thing to do. [ The whole goal is to take care of ourselves and be healthy...right? So would be pretty pointless and dumb and infuriating to get a vaccine that ends up having worse and more long term effects on you or your children/family. ] BUT if they don't get the vaccine, then they can't work.... so what do you get? Understaffed.\n Also when unemployment and government benefits are better than working a job everywhere..... what do you get it?? UNDERSTAFFED.", "Uhmmm 🤔 If we are in a epidemic, then why is Biden allowing thousands across our boarders, from third world regions, with no vaccinations, and bringing in Covid and the three other variants? Something to think about, you 🤔. He's also flying them into every state.", "I don't blame them. I understand they went through a lot of sh*t", 'Why is there a rush to save lives? It’s people choice to stay unvaccinated. Except for children who are not yet approved for vaccination, there should be no wastage of country resources. Already a lot of tax dollar and fed have printed to make the vaccine. Salute to healthcare workers and our scientists who have fought this war for so long.', "This is why when I walked away from the Healthcare field I made the comment that anyone who truly cares about people shouldn't work in Healthcare because it eats them alive.", 'Treat them with the Ivermictin!!!!', 'There are countries with lower covid rates and they are on lockdown. We need to be on lockdown until the rates go down.', 'Why mandate vaccines for nurses and they quit and then cry about staff shortage 🤔🤔', "If you think the mask works , then com sit in my paint booth as I paint a car . You will be brain dead on an hour they don't work like you think they do .", 'LOVE and Strength to healthcare workers.   may the willfully ignorant reach their maker.  SICK of the STUPID/foolish spreaders.', "I can't wait to F-ing quit as a Healthcare worker soon", "They couldn't take the LIES!\nMcDonald's is hiring", 'Why they are not getting the Military help? They are the best when it comes to emergency.', 'I would advise all nurses that are breaking down physically and mentally to step away or go PRN until people decide to get vaccinated. There will always be a nursing job in the future. I can only handle being there 1-2 days a week at this point.', 'People should walk off when dealing with elitist hospital administration.', 'This is what happens when you have a state full of people who refuse to get vaccinated............\n@3:53 this nurse has time to give herself PURPLE HAIR???\nWTF?', 'What about the VACCINATED who are also spreading it?', '24 cycles vs 40 cycles\nHow to lie with statistics', 'Good Decision. \n\nI would Respect their Decision \nto Protect themselves.  👍', 'JOE BIDEN 😂 🤡 THE MANS A JOKE', "How about if your not vaccinated, don't come into the hospital!\nToo harsh?", 'My grandma only intubated a few people in her nursing career and she can’t imagine people doing 10-20 a day. This really takes a toll on mental health and seeing more death than some nurses in their entire career in a year. I couldn’t imagine.', "I don't blame any of the health care workers for walking away if necessary", 'Never forget those brave nurses in Denver silently standing in the middle of the street staring at the ant- mask protesters blocking hospital access.   Never forget them', 'Get em covid!', '18% being released at the border are positive for covid, no worries, put em on a bus or plane and send them to spread it all over. Absolutely disgusting.', 'And this is why you mandate vaccines', 'Hospitals should set up a barn in the back parking lot for all the unvaccinated covid patients, and let them take care of each other. That would free up the staff for the real patients that want to live.', 'People only gonna realize how bad it is when people drop dead in the streets', 'As an NYC health care worker I wish I had the choice to refuse care to antivaxxers as well. If only lol. These people dont know how traumatic last year was.', 'Yet they are quitting in mass due to not wanting to get vaccinated….', '😂😂😂😂😂 y’all buy the hype!  99% survivability… the majority “testing positive” are the vaccinated!! 😂😂😂😂.', 'The new Lost Cause for the South', 'i say if they want to risk their lives let them !', 'Those who are vaccinated feel safe CAN GET IT and then SPREAD IT . Lets not blame but look at the truth.', 'Plandemic ,no to masks No to the vaccine!', 'This is so true. Everyone should find a nurse and thank them. Speak encouragement to them. Let them know that their hard work is not in vain.', 'If you look at the time stamp map, the us has become red like China', "so people who signed up to treat the sick is tired of treating the sick? what's wrong with all these service workers complaining about the the risks/dangers described in their job description when they applied?", 'The antivaxxers should pay those $25.000 to the healthcare workers.', 'By the way...nobody gets the FLU since Feb. 2020', 'Fear be afraid Don’t worry about being healthy just get a shot😱', "My mother respiratory therapist for 37 years.  About as right wing as you can get.  Believes Obama is a Muslim.  Believes every conspiracy story out there.  She is going to retire because she is tired of taking care of people that will not get the vaccine.  At this point for me if you don't have the vaccine you should not be given any treatment.  Let nature take it's course.", 'And now they want to pass a bill to defund the border patrol??????\nSERIOUSLY?', 'Yeah, Biden said that assuming he was talking to adults not spoiled intitled children.', 'If we (nurses) received support, even an ounce of moral support, then we would not feel the need to quit. We are being stretched so thin. Yes, we are completely burnt out. Why hospital leaders cannot provide moral support is beyond me.', 'They have to cover up the fact that nurses are walking away from their jobs because they are being forced to take a jab.', 'I am sure all these folks refusing to take the vaccine take some kind of vaccine at some point of they life. Not to mention visiting the doctor and other forms of medication.what the difference now? people are free to choose even being foolish.', "The cynical side of me, wants the people who refuse to get vaccinated ..if they get covid to make it law that they don't get hospital treatment... They knew the risks", 'Let them take care of themselves at home tbh these people shouldn’t be dealt with if there not vaccinated', "Why should they care for the people who are responsible for exasperating the virus? For making the lives of every health care professional harder because they think they're in on a global conspiracy? To quote every antivaxxer, let natural selection do it's job!", 'i’m a healthcare worker and i’m burnt out', "Quitters! Clearly you weren't in your profession to help people ‼️😡 Good riddance.", "Its not the unvaccinated if the vaccinated are the super spreaders. Don't blame the unvaccinated. Blame people in general. Why in such a populated states should people feel the need to party so hard.", 'Those nurses are right. No amount of money is worth your health and mental well being. I feel for all of the healthcare workers.', 'Their Governors should be charged criminally', 'The best help we could give them at this point as its the only solution the world has, its getting vaccinated.', 'I would too.!!! WHY should they have to risk their lives and their families for people who don’t care about us anyway. I’m not this kind of person but the stupidity is incredibly high and I would leave too.!!! Like let them die off. Then will have less weirdos living in an alternate reality and that’s a very hard thing for me to write. Truly shameful', 'So much of this could have been avoided, and hundreds of thousands of lives saved if t**** had encouraged the wearing of masks in the first place, and modeled that behavior himself. But Noooo, he had to turn science and common sense into a political statement...🙄', 'Just imagine how many phone calls these people had to make saying "I\'m so sorry but.. they\'re gone".', 'Has nothing to do with the number of cases.  These hospital staff are too intelligent to get the lethal injection.', 'Masks DO NOT WORK', 'I guess they got the red wave after all.', 'WHYYYY are people so pressed for others to get injected with a non fda approved injection?! Why aren’t they telling the truth? All those people quit because they were hit with an ultimatum: jab or quit', 'America has taken so much from hard working ppl, saddle them with debt, less benefits lower pay, but more hours, no ability to move up. Add this to a hospital worker or or just a waitress and its a wrap pol check out. But upper management and ppl like trump get all money play golf for hours all day dont pay taxes and dont even go to school they pay for grades. The structure is trash', 'Yea  whats actually happening is alot of the hospitals are paying new nurses a shit ton more than the nurses that have been there for years.  Cant say i blame them', 'Simple solution: Refuse treatment all Trump supporters and those who refused to get vaccinated for no good reason.', 'Quitting over man dates\nDuh', 'People who have other healthcare needs are paying the price for people who are not vaccinated or following CDC guidelines.', 'I would never work in a Hospital, no mater how much money you pay me.  \nMoney can not buy back you heath !!!', 'Expect exodus period!', "If we're reaching 100,000 per day, and that's expected to double, why don't we shut back down", 'They quit because you force them to take the vaccine', "Can't imagine being a lower wage earner in any hospital today. Do they get hazard pay? Life insurance? Full health including ambulance for.themselves and family? Of.course.they walk off. They.can get work any day of the week. They're not compensated. Just sad.they won't get unemployment. But work at a safer job.", "If it was Ebola people would be scrambling for the vaccine. People think Covid is a flu. It isn't! I've had the delta variant and it was brutal. I'm vaccinated now. But my 26yr old daughter in law is in ICU  right now and we are praying for her recovery. 🙏", "I'd rather have them physically leave than the suicides. Truly cruel that the public in certain regions can't honor what New York and LA County were screaming from roof tops, Covid is real I guess the refrigerated trucks for the morgue were considered props. I wouldn't want to leave how can you leave dying people, especially if you can save any. Soon it will be little ones.", 'OH! maybe made them so tired and fear.', 'The world needs plenty of bartenders.', 'My best friend lost her cousin who was a registered nurse because she caught Covid from one of the patients', 'Small businesses are looking for ppl to work,but keep getting free money to sit at home and watch fear monger tv', 'I really don’t blame them. I hope their guilt doesn’t get the better of them, these people are there because they chose to be there. They chose to not get vaccinated and they made their bed. I’d rather work at Mickey D’s than help people who refuse to help themselves with a selfless and simple inoculation.', "Welcome to Bidens America. They probably make as much on unemployment. It's like this everywhere. You ain't special.", 'Sueeeeee sueeeeee!!!!!! God Bless You AMERICA!!!!! BUILD YOUR FAITH!!!!!', 'Thanks to everyone who are involved with caring for so many.', 'Alabama has never been a mecca for science.', 'Fine. Quarantine the unvaccinated in their own state. Close the borders none in none out.', 'More focus on Obama healthcare implementation.', 'Gee maybe we should allow people to discuss and access ivermectin, what do you think?', 'Nurses are leaving because of toxic leadership in most hospitals. Covid is a small part.  Be honest.', 'Those vaccinated your chapter will becoming out at a later date and that death ☠️ toll will be greater……  just remember Lucifer lives in hell  those not vaccinated God lives in heaven!', 'If you love this life more than you do God you are doomed', 'I think what you should do is double the hospital admission fee for people unvaccinated, dr and nurses are at breaking point wake up', 'We knew this was going to happen, so many people being ignorant. Prayers up for these nurses and drs, i dont blame them for wanting to walk away, this is too much for anyone to handle repeatedly', 'So we have to live a suicide mission because of the entitlement of others, apparently a whole lot of bad people are above the law, at this point it’s premeditated, I’m trying not be confused but not working. 😞', 'Its like joining the army. I joined at 17', "that's why there are 2 of them just sitting there cause they can't keep up.", "Now who's going to take care of you vaccinated.", 'enough is enough, let the politicians drive the EMS', 'False. A lot of hospital workers are quitting because they are being forced to be vaccinated by the hospital systems.', "People who already had covid don't need a vaccine, vaccinated or not doesn't stop the spread. They have treatments to deal with patients who do get COVID-19 to prevent death. Biden says everyone needs to get vaccinated, but keeps letting illegal immigrants that aren't vaccinated and positive with covid into the country. If it's so serious why continue to let  illegals with covid leave the detention center. Oh and this is never going away, it's the same as flu virus, different variants every year, animals carry it. Government should be pushing a healthier life style and lots of sun for the benefit of vitamin D", 'Story seems one sided like why not interview the people who quit to get why they did it I suspect this is forced vaccination related', 'Like ive always said its all up to us....', "This pandemic has been more taxing to the whole country, and the medical profession is literally tired to where the patients don't get proper care!! Lord have mercy!!", 'Have anti vaxxers volunteer in the covid units', "hope people who treat it as a crisis get the vaccine and let those people who want to act the fool be punished with the virus. Front line nurses aren't sacrificial government workers- they are still people. DOn't help people who don't want to be helped because thats just more work. Time to go hard and say enough is enough.", "Doesn't management try to cheer up there staff", 'Hollywood Swingers. Hall eee would swing uz....', 'Wow,I thank all medical staff from the bottom of my heart!!! My mom is also a retired nurse.❤️❤️❤️', 'The covid-19 comes from china \nFilipino mold future generation to become a nurse.\nUS secretary Lloyd Austin went to Philippines to hire Filipino workers \n\nPLANDEMIC', "We're not being held hostage by the virus. If your a hostage you dont taunt your captor, and these unvaccinated non-social distancing people are taunting the virus every single day", "4 days/12 hours too much. After 10 hours you can't think anymore. Need to go back to 3/ 8 hour shifts. Stay healthy to take care of the sick.", 'Just think, all those cases of “unvaccinated” promotes herd immunity!', 'If the Arkansas governor regrets his decision so badly. Then he should resign effective immediately !!! 🇺🇸', "The south where sisters and brothers have babies together. Where father's have children with there daughters. Huh 😳😳", 'more like they refused the jab.', 'Yay! Less republicans to vote on election day!!!!', 'This sounds familiar.', "If I was governor I would tell everybody to get vaccinated and if they refuse, the hospitals should refuse to treat them if they come down with Covid. Just send them home. Tell them to drink bleach or use hydroxocholoroquine (or whatever Trump was pushing). You refused vaccination. We're refusing to treat you for something that was completely preventable.", 'I know a lady her dad was fully vaccinated and died 2 weeks ago from COVID sooooooooo make it make sense', 'No vaccine equals no hospital bed or ventilator for you should be the norm', 'At this point it would be better for the nurses and doctors to take of the vaccinated and not bother worrying about the unvaccinated because this is ridiculous. The anti vaxers got vaccinated as kids but became anti vaccination as adults, talk about devolution in a nutshell.', 'Why do these people reject a medical vaccine,. But seek out a medical facility when sick 🤔', 'Bull$hit, more like they quit because the commies wanted them to take the experimental jab.', 'You sure people aren’t quitting because of the mandates and they’re making it look like they just “can’t take it anymore” so the mandates can’t be blamed. I hate the media', '"We are down 200 nurses.  Openings we cant fill" - maybe if you paid your employees more to deal with the crap that $$$$$ paid CEOs dont have to.', 'New hospital staff being paid 25k but not current staff who has been suffering all along?? NOT acceptable!', "I don't see how the unvaccinated are fueling transmission; when vaccinated people can still catch Covid19 also.", 'notice it\'s all about "rate of transmission" not number of deaths. just percents then!!  also I live in Arkansas and perhaps the hospitals are losing employees because if you won\'t get the (not yet FDA approved) vaccination you can\'t work there!!!  (but they didn\'t mention that FACT!!', 'Why are they not treating their patients with ivermectin? Ask people who take it... It works.', 'What do you expect with OPEN BOARDERS', 'Dr Patterson n I worked together at NYP n hes a genuine guy', 'So your choices effect other people. Huh 🤔', 'all right here we go....most healthcare workers that want covid-19 shot are rapist.', '🙏🙏🙏', 'Democrats are more concerned with pork filled “infrastructure bill” than savings lives. They need to deal with border', 'My heart goes out to all healthcare workers', 'GOP is at fault. Every place they have a rally a surge of cases follows.', 'Is there mad cow disease in that vaccine cuz looks like most who got it are angry 😂', 'If they want to die of their own stupidity, I say we let them. Let evolution happen now. Im so over their bs', '🙏🙏🙏', '"Is the frustration that it shouldn\'t be happening" well DUH! That\'s what happens when you let misinformation run rampant🤷🏽\u200d♂️😒🤦🏽\u200d♂️', 'Can you say mass grave boys and girls!!!', "The news is just an info commercial you're all buying it", '😢😢😢🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽', 'Is the other countries going thru this too or is it just the USA?', "I'd quit too, who wants to deal with a mass of sick people that did it to themselves.", 'Oh look it all came back from the south..interesting', "New York and New England will be in Red when tourists return from Florida. They'll bring it back to those states that have tried so hard to be responsible. The whole country is probably in red by now.", "You need to start showing people in hospital wards up and down the country. Blur faces but it needs to be done. This hiding what is happening isn't good. You can say anything, and why should they/we believe you? At least with pictures, with the days newspaper (so you know it's min on that day) would do it for many?\n\nEdit: see, even that I see the potential of people saying it's not filmed now. Hence the news paper, and actually maybe last weeks lottery numbers lol. The things you have to do.", 'I hope Finnish people see this too.  WHY did u not give even 1 month to Nurses in Finland  to take a break. imho', "Gee, I wonder why healthcare workers are quitting when all their patients are people who don't care about them, their families or themselves. I don't blame them one bit.", "Anyone who allow themselves to get upset because someone choose not to be a freaking guinea pig for these overnight thrown together vaccines has a very low IQ. It wouldn't surprise me if those angry people who were vaccinated ended up filling hospitals all over the world because they're health was ruin by these shots.", 'What a bunch of bs.  The hospitals are so overwhelmed, but they are firing people that refuse the shot.', 'I knw this feeling!!', 'Karma finally hitting the red states I see', "I can't imagine how traumatizing it has to be to a healthcare worker right now.", 'Dear America, \n\nLambda is on the way \n\n💉', "even if you don't know the person. watching people die is not something a normal person can take. overwhelmed doctors and nurses are only human and they need a break.", 'Haha. Nurses are like peace out.', 'I know but When you get married you’re supposed to get married for better or worst not for better that’s all I have to say', 'Well u all no\nTime is short it time\nTo come to no Jesus.\nHe our healer an our saver', "Insurance providers should stop covering care for COVID cases of folks who are not vaccinated. That's capitalism, something most of these same folks probably claim to support.", 'I applied for a nursing job and asked for $38 an hour. I have 17 years experience. They told me I was asking too much and I didn’t get the job.', "North Korea doesn't have this problem.\nTheir concentration camps make certain nobody leaves with COVID.", 'I can TOTALLY relate. Im literally jealous of my sick co-workers just desire a break so bad🙏🏽🤕❤', 'PAY NURSES WHAT THEY DESERVE !!!!!!', 'We are not being held hostage by the virus! People refusing to think of others is killing people!', 'Where do I sign up if ppl have Covid and dont have a shot, send them home BOTTOM LINE', 'Border crossers bussed to every state - see biden for details'], ['Our enemies see us turning against each other and we realize we are our greatest threat and that enemy is us . United we stand and divided we fall', 'I have an old shoe that is of equal intellect to this guy', "Selectively editing out his critique of Biden...Erin, you've become a shill and a grifter.", "COVID isn't raging anywhere but at CNN.", 'THIS WAS THE MOST CLIPED VID I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE WATCH THE WHOLE THING', "CNN also need to show the same Democrat leaders who defied covid protocols and were seen maskless with crowds of people. For example, Obama's birthday party.", "We're in a crisis and more and more younger people are getting infected and their intense in Texas outside in the parking lots and he's letting children run loose without masks in school this is a disgrace.", 'Are they going to pull this from YouTube for Covid 19 misinformation? She just said mask prevent transmission of Covid19.', 'I don’t understand how you stop superintendents/school boards, cruise line owners, etc from choosing to have a mandate, and in the same breath scream “FREEDOM” \nif a gym says “we have a vaccine mandate for you to enter” then go find a gym that doesn’t. it’s so ridiculous that people don’t understand that freedom doesn’t flow in one direction.', '"He\'s making decisions, God knows why" \nReally Annie? Only God knows? I doubt that. Open a science book. Open a biology book. Stop politicizing it.', 'Just want to know, when spring break was going down how come there wasn’t a outbreak then?? Like now ??', 'If anyone is interested in Florida’s COVID-19 summer wave check out :” Ron Desantis holds round table with hospital CEOs to discuss Covid 19 summer wave.” on Forbes Channel. Interesting. It covers a lot.', 'When historians look at this decade they’ll undoubtedly conclude that the population in general was overcome by an inexplicable psychosis.', 'Soooo what is he doing to help with the ICU bed shortage?? Otherwise those patients will be sent to\nother states and clog up those beds when it should be for the state’s patients. As what is happening in my state. most of our ICU patients are are missouri where their vaccination rates\nare LOW. This adds burden to other states. I am just in awe how they do not care of health of the people and try to play politics. As a nurse, my empathy for people who spew misinformation is minimal at this point', 'DeSantis needs to finish the wall between Florida….New Jersey and New York because that’s who’s bringing in the virus', 'I wonder if you can get a "Don\'t Fauci my Florida " gravestone.', 'Now that DeSantis and Abbott got COVID-19 on the run, they are ready to withdraw Florida and Texas from the United Nations.', 'Wow. CNN really edited and chopped up that press conference.  Watch it full so her editorial will be in context.', 'just one question, who the h*ll does de santis think he is emperor?', "I admire the efforts u put in your videos mate. Bitcoin's price action has been fluctuation throughout the past few days and weeks, with bulls and bears both reaching a clear impasse, the aggregated cryptocurrency market has been following in Bitcoin's lead and is\nstruggling to garner any decisive\nmomentum. One analyst is now noting that BTC has been holding above a key macro level throughout the past few months. He believes that the recent consolidation above this level bodes well for its near-term outlook and could indicate that significantly further upside is imminent in the weeks and months\nahead. Tips like this  it's advisable for investors and newbies to trade with the help of pro traders like\nMrs Alice . She's always onestep ahead of other traders, she fully monitored all my trades to avoid me making mistakes and losing my money. My earnings have increased drastically from 1BTC to 9.2BTC in just 3weeks using her strategy. You can easily reach Mrs Alice+ ➊ ➎ ➋ ⓿ ➌ ➑ ⓿ ➎ ➐ ➎ ➏..", "Maybe he should refuse the 1000's of ventilators Biden offered today. DeSantis a fool.", 'The party of me me me until it directly impacts me.', "Respirator Ron is Covid's top ally. It's time to stop the spread of the DeSantis variant.", 'I AM HOLDING on to Sanity while those calling me insane continue to help it become worse, as "we" hold their opinions, lovingly, within us still.  \n\nThis is what happens to a child that has to compete for love its whole life with the ones calling it FAM. \n\nOur love became toxic.\n\nWe are helping others see it as we did when we did see it in us, also, now.\n\nI\'m not angry with you and these words are happy to be free from that box you saw in me. \n\nWe would never want to do that to you as boxes do not let you grow up when we don\'t outgrow, at least a few.  \n\nThat is the nicest thing we may do, as it is part of the learning process that gives degrees to you.', 'Yup..we are falling apart. Other countries are laughing at us. That man needs to go.', '6:20 "It is time to cast off this symbol of tyranny, this symbol of child..."\n And I thought he was gonna say: \'childishness\'  ... lol!', 'I bet Desantis has had the Covid vaccination. I hope no one he loves becomes sick with Covid', '“Defenseless without masks on, that’s all they got” except their immune system...you know, their body’s NATURAL defense system?', "So I'm start smoking in restaurants again my rights are being violated! Kids smoke in the bathroom all the time who really cares. My body my choice...and dont forget the vaps cigs being stopped! This is Sarcasm of course.  I'm saying your rights can't prohibited my healthcare because I have rights too", 'The Gov. Desantis with holding funds from schools for requiring masks is cancel culture to the max.', 'Let’s do what Trump would do,  not give Florida any government bailouts when all his hospitals are overrun with COVID-19 patients because they went against his mandates. Shouldn’t the parents of these kids be making the decision of wearing a mask regardless of what the 🤡 desantis says', 'OH NO! Kids are wearing masks, quick run for the hills!', "😂 it's okay if you're going to report news in a biased way but CNN claims that they don't have a spin that they only tell the truth yet earlier today they posted a video calling Trump supporters monkeys. And now they're telling even more lies. How anybody can watch this and think that it's true is beyond me", 'Dam that 1 guy in the back really enjoyed the way he ended that speech..', 'Does he think he’s creating a masterful legacy?  He said wrestlers were essential workers for Christ’s sake.  What an idiot.', 'I‘m just here, because of me concerned of our children 🙏🏻', 'Ron DeSantis is only pointing out the hypocrisy of the Biden administration for letting (inviting) millions of people illegally cross the border during a pandemic! You left out that part, of course.', "You're messing w/my zen thing, man.", 'Way to ‘win’ that culture war Ronny.', 'There is something in these vaccinations and covid surges.', 'I know we can’t use that word anymore . But buddy sound like a bundle of sticks.', "De Santos only won by 32463 votes. There have been 39625 deaths from Covid and the 7 day daily average of new cases is 19250. I would think his future majority has been well and truly damaged by his wonderful legacy. Question... Do you have such a thing as corporate manslaughter in USA? Isn't endangering lives illegal?", 'Maybe if Floridians all covid themselves off the maps we won’t have this bs to deal with anymore ... one can only hope', 'Florida: The Biohazard State', 'Time to start mocking DiSantis!', 'THE DEEP RIG  !!!    on Rumble!!!!!!!', 'We can have a sick society. Hope he gets it good', 'Can we pls stop naming variants after greek letters and instead name them after GQP and FOX hosts that have amplified our public health crisis?', 'I think you all forgot to mention the border part towards the end..... you bias suckers ☹️', 'Get out the way…yes 😷 masked up .. you going to want to hear a blip if anyone of these kids become sick or God forbid someone’s child passes 🙏🙏', 'There’s a reason why he is only 42 but look like 55.', "Republican representatives have demonstrated time after time that your life is a price worth paying for them to try and own the Libs. You'll have plenty of time to evaluate your life choices when your lying in a hospital bed sucking in oxygen through a tube while saying goodbye to your family via telephone. Don't forget to pay the medical bills before you turn up your toes. When they plant you in the ground I wonder if your family will think you foolish or wise for believing a politician over a doctor.", 'Florida: A biomedical petri dish.', 'DeSantis gave himself credit for saving Florida from Covid 19 but is he going to take blame for the increase in new positive cases ??', 'talk about insane bias in presentation. Nice job CNN', 'Interesting… CNN is always after RD (wonder why?), but is virtually silent about Fredo’s brother.\nYou all are as difficult to read as a comic book.\nSAD and PATHETIC 🙄🙄🙄', 'Know what happens when I put on a mask?\nNothing.\n I know weird! I didn\'t choke to death. I didn\'t get my mind controlled by "the commie libs". And I didn\'t want to eat not one baby face. Weird! It must be because I know all four words in the "second mendment".', 'I agree in certain point with him , but at least show that your negative with covid , don’t agree with the vaccine mandate !! Let’s see where these things go', '"We can either have a free society."\nBut what\'s a dead society good for?', 'DeSantis has them shook, edited show the whole clip. What about Louisiana? The numbers are higher there.  What about the border? They are letting in unmasked untested covid riddled people in. These are all facts😜 cnn propaganda', 'He is the face of ignorance. Your ego is more important than your voters and since they voted you in, I guess you both deserve each other.', 'He  upset that a Natzie style jerk is governor of Florida.', 'Yeah they don’t talk about how many deaths', 'Amazing how sweden is doing less and isnt raging with "COVID-19"', 'LOVE IT !!', "I gave up trying to argue with people who is against mask, vaccine, etc...   I just let them do what they want, cuz it's a Free country, and if they get silenced permanently from winning the Darwin award... so be it.", 'Do you see infected people and mountains of corpses of those who died from "covid"?!🤔 no, and i don\'t see but they "are"🤣', 'Gee CNN, way to slice up the speech to fit your narrative! Did you know that we have the internet now, and we can watch the entire speech??', 'So you edit his speech wow, please watch his full speech', 'Ha CNN, play the full clip from DeSantis.', 'Oh I forgot it’s all political.  On Behalf of men paid to make it so', 'Show the full clip or stop calling yourself a news organization.  News must be bipartisan to be credible.', 'That mushroom tastes pretty good huh Desantis? 🤮', "Individuals make own decisions about CDC guidelines and Recommendations for yourself and kids. Just don't blame anyone other than yourselfs if Virus get u", 'Whether you are left or right or in between Fact check!!! \nWhy doesn’t everyone just fact check everything no matter who’s saying it? \nThere are so many statistics sites you can go to! \nYou will find that this woman is misrepresenting what the numbers mean!', 'If he want to be a scientist let him move himself from politics', 'Your solution, governor DeSantis, has cost over 200,000 of your Florida citizens  to test positive. You contributed nothing except running your mouth and the voters will remember that next year.', "I hope DeSantis runs for POTUS next cycle. Letting his state remain free and make their own decisions about their health instead of FORCING people to do unnecessary crap that they don't want to do. It's proven the masks do nothing but get you to touch your face more often and in contact with more surfaces. It's virtue signaling is all it is", 'They defenseless mask is all they got LOL the fact that they believe the Kool-Aid there drinking is hilarious', "It's ok. Senile Biden doesn't even remember who he is", 'Oh no mask mandate and shot mandate, what a monster. Just wants us to be safe people.', "Can't be elected again, if you have no more voters\n- Ron desantis", 'Nice editing by CNN, desantis said \n\n-Unless Biden gets the border under control which is allowing thousands of illegal migrants with covid into the US to spread around different states, I don’t want to hear a blip from him on covid.\n\nBecause desantis is actually made a good point which makes Biden look bad, they edited that bit out.', 'Ok Florida. Rub two brain cells together and decide to kick the   governor out of office.', 'Trump’s nephew Ron D needs to stop asking trump to help him say in office with the walking dead. There will be no bodies left to vote and they will be treated like those at our borders. Keeping the virus in Florida', "And the sad part we can't just leave them alone with the virus because millions will be suffering the consequences. President keep the spirit and patience high with them, slowly we will have to care more for the people.", 'Cut out the part where he talks sbout biden letting in illegal immigrants with covid and letting the free in florida and texas', 'When the future looks back on this, i wonder if they will name it "The Great Dumb Dying"', 'The school will not mandate masks. However, the district is enforcing a school uniform policy that does include a mask. There you go.', 'I live in Florida and Looking how many cases we have had from the beginning of this..', 'I wish our other Republican Senators had BIG BALLS to fight #harris #biden like Sen. Bill Hagerty (R-TN)\xa0 does everyday.', "Crappy video you guys need to show what people actually say during an interview not what you want people to hear, you're narrative 🙄", 'Florida is awesome!  I will vote for DeSantis because he is doing the right thing! Mask do not work!', 'Hyperbole aside “also uses hyperbole” lmao', 'I’ll stick to my 99.2 percent chance of making it. My kids play sports do their chores enjoying life without mask or vaccine mandates lifestyle. I played golf all weekend and work all week running kids to practice practice guitar golf go to gym. Its amazing what happens when you ignore social media the news other people who watch CNN lol. But enjoy the mask and sick lifestyle. Stay safe don’t go anywhere lol', 'What is happening him popular at the expense of the people what federallasation means that the president is allowed to govern', '#CNN doing their best to put DeSantis down because he is a major threat to the presidential race in 2024..', "Hey what's that movie where the guy wakes up years later and everyone is dumb except him?\nAmerica is already there. Lol", 'Wow you guys left a lot out.', 'How to be on the wrong page of history 101', 'We have the HIPPA ACT, We have rights not to share medical records', 'The United States citizens are mocking Biden and CNN.', 'Nice editing CNN', "Lock downs do work already been proven in other country's. Biden has not forced anything only pleaded with people to make the choice. How many lies can he tell. He is the long tongue lier when things start getting tough.", "So funny. Chaos and unrest occurring in DeSantis's state and he focusses upon what others are not doing. He should be more concerned with what actions he himself and his team of clowns of teams are doing. Easier to place to blame on others in preference to exploring what you yourself are doing or in this case what you're not doing. Grow a pair of balls and do something constructive. You wanted this position so work for it.", "Perhaps Biden is a lockdowner, but Covid is a complete downer.  Hold Covid accountable.  Don't be a Covid enabler, Guv.", 'I agree with DeSantis in the mark of beast', 'lol funny how they left out all the important parts of the speech. well done CNN', 'Mocks him?  What fake news.  Biden picked a fight with the wrong person. Desantis responds with substance to refute.', 'They are all in it together', "Now do Obama's super spreader event he had.", 'Disantis rocked bidens world not only with authority but with reason.  "You mean biden wants us to show a medical vaccination card or medical records to get into a restaurant or participate in society but you don\'t want them to have a voter identification?" Perfect just perfect.', 'North Korea propaganda tier editing, wow', "DeSatan  is killing his constituents👻👻👻...that's great news for Democrats in the elections 😁😁😁", "Is it raging,cnn? Raging? What about your other favorite words? Spiking, surging, sweeping? I'll send you a thesaurus, do they have fedex in hell?", 'This is clip is more edited than all my female friends in instagram.  Go search for the full video', 'Florida has become the new Alabama...', 'Florida parents must be so proud that their “no mask mandates in schools” bullshit has managed to overwhelm childrens’ hospitals down there. Go Florida!', "Can someone please tell me what the vaccination and mask issues are, for the Florida Governor, \nthe Honorable Ron Death Sentence? \nAlso, I am not totally clear about one's rights and freedom to ignore medical advice during a plague.", 'I heard you don’t have to hear about Covid anymore from anyone after Covid takes you to Hell.', 'Easy to mock Biden and his goons', 'what happened to "My body, my choice?"', "It's funny how you cut some part out", 'DeSantis is BOSS.....DeSantis makes Biden look like Bozo the Clown.  \nGovernor DeSantis......Floridians are 100% behind you.\nKeep it up......we love you.', 'You dont have a free society if you have a pandemic raging throughout your community.', 'AGAIN ANOTHER EDITED VIDEO OF WHAT THE GOVERNOR SAID.', 'This country is so doomed at this rate.', "0:43 good job cutting where DeSantis was criticizing Biden's response to the Immigration surge", 'The world can be benefited with fewer Republicans👏👏', 'I am a proud Canadian grandmother who has a 6 and a 4 year old who know enough how to follow guidelines, how to protect others, how to be community minded and wear their masks while they attend school. It’s not a hardship for them as they know like having to be in a booster seat is a protective measure for them. Lockdowns? They work if the leadership team in government works for and with their constituents. We have had them here in a Nova Scotia and we are in single digits of cases. Good luck y’all.', 'It’s not like people visit Florida in the summertime, of course it’s going to have high numbers. The numbers are higher all along the I-95 corridor, so guess where it’s coming from?', 'DeSantis is killing his own people lol.', 'Heavily edited. Where is the statement he made about the migrants? 😂😂😂', "They didn't play the whole clip lol..", 'Why no mention the death rate? Its extremely low compared to other states and number of cases. The reason for that is the fact Seniors (most vulnerable) have been 85% fully vaccinated.\nA little more detail CNN and BTW  your butchered editing of DeSantis speech was an abomination of journalistic integrity and standards right up there with "The Global Times".', 'All you do is lie! It’s so funny', '6:07 “I do not CONCENT”\n\nThat shows you how bright they are.', 'Mask compulsory for children, otherwise more deaths.', 'Maybe we should all attend the Obama bday bash or go dancing with Rashida Tlaib at a wedding.', 'I was born in 1955.the year polio vaccine was released. No iron lung for me. Thanks mom and dad.', 'Maybe the continued high Covid numbers will hit them where it hurts if tourism dwindles.. when nothing else matters $$$ always does.', 'CNN edited out the part where he says "until you get the border fixed, I don\'t want to hear a blip about covid from you."', 'These Governors have lost their minds smh I’m honestly happy I don’t have kids', "Florida's southern border is out of control! All 0 miles of it!", 'They didnt use the whole speech thay used only what they wanted i only trust Fox news democrats 👎', 'Keep reading your script Ron', "Watching CNN's slow death is the greatest show on YouTube....", 'It’s like Tom Cruise had a baby with a potato 🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔', 'Darwinism in full effect.', 'Does this guy care about the lives of th ordinary peoples who cannot afford what be has as a governor? Thus not Republican or Democrat but human lives  who are there to vote for them in power.', 'do you need any help like love spell to bring your ex back, win case in court, ex wife back, ex husband back, money spell, pregnancy spell, job spell, sickness spell (cure to any sickness) do you want to be the  best in all you do or rather lay your complaints let me help you now', 'Funny how much assistance from the federal government is needed in Florida when the next hurricane hits.', "Protestors claiming tyranny?  What then is threatening the school board with withholding funding?  Can we please take politics out of the equation and use some common sense? Just sayin'", 'Lolol communist news network Lolol nice little short selective clips of his speeches', 'Anyone over the age of 50 look at one of your shoulders do yo have a round mark on it? What was the mark for and at what age do you remember receiving that mark?', 'Have your free state and enjoy the bio weapon, win win.', 'Just came here to give you smear merchants a dislike', 'Masks really??? 😂 ITS BEEN TWO YEARS do you really think masks work? 😂', 'DeSantis, get back here to get your Covid 19', 'Why didn’t they play the full video of Gov. Desantis', "DeSantis is losing popularity so he doubled down on controversial problems just like Trump and due to that wrong move he cost himself reelection. Instead of protecting his people he's trying to buy them. Her Floridians I've got a big fat check to build factories for jobs what a joke", 'The propaganda arm of the Democratic Party back at it again half truths and double speak the framing and editing of the clips is just unreal', '6 Month date out for Pfizer vaccine go look at the research folks it will surprise you.  Biden like Desantos  said clean up the covid infested border then we can talk', 'i live in a third world country... we dont have enough vaccine, why dont you just donate those vaccines to third world countries since most americans does not like to be vaccinated', "Withholding funds to schools shows it's really ALL about what's best for the kids. 🙄", 'Does Erin Burnett want 3 year old kids to wear masks for 8 hours a day??? What the hell??', 'Our enemies see us turning against each other and we realize we are our greatest threat and that enemy is us . United we stand and divided we fall', "I'm waiting to see Desantis start back pedaling.", 'The people at the back are foolish, lets clap and smile after the knuckle head spew nonsense.', 'We need a border wall for Florida.', 'Americans can become and live as Biblical Christians amid COVID, and the fearmongering and tyranny associated with it.', "Don't DeathSantis my U.S.A.!!!!!", 'LIES, LEFT  PROPAGANDA HERE. NO TO REGIME ILLEGAL SOLICITATION...BRAVO SENATOR. US SOLIDARITY AGAINST THE BS!', "I think it's time for healthcare workers to strike.", '"Rages in his state." Lmfao 😂 oh so pathetic.', 'Finally someone’s standing up for the people GO Desantis', 'You might not like who the president is, what ever happened to respecting the office?', 'Scew DeSantis!', 'Is DeSantis vaccinated himself?', "It's a swing state. This is a good thing", "There's a reason this side is pro-abortion. If you consider this as child abuse with little if any chances of transmission through children but the abuse that is happening at the border by separating these children to raise them to hate this side and by supporting sweatshops and outsourcing. We may wanna reconsider what we define as child abuse. Sincerely. Maybe instead focus studies on the long term psychological effects of the propaganda this side pushes. We may not have a variant if not for open border policies. Just an observation of fact.", 'Florida has the highest number of elderly people but ranks 26th regarding COVID death rates. Copy this and spread it everywhere so Democrats will be forced to confront reality.', 'Why all of the editing??? Hmmm..... \nAlso why is CNN the first result when searching for the full video??? Hmmm.....', 'Gov. Take him to the wood shed', 'It’s amazing cnn is still on!', 'actors and mind control its crazy .', "What's your concept of free society DeSantis?", 'Meanwhile our borders are open!', 'Makes one think the numbers of covid cases are fudged', '“ I have to read from pre written statements.I’m not smart enough to say something from my own brain.I have people to be my brain” desantis', "It's all fun and games till you see Jesus and grandma", "What do you expect from him it's Florida", 'This is child abuse call The Children and Families.', 'I\'m in England and REALLY enjoyed this defiant, freedom-affirming speech (edited though it was, so check it out on other channels). Am looking forward to Ron DeSantis becoming the next US president. (And don\'t say "it\'ll never happen", because that one came round and bit you in the arse before - remember?)', '“Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent to you, how often I have longed to gather your children together, as a hen gathers her chicks under her wings, and you were not willing."\n\nMatthew 23:37\n~For those that have ears, let them hear.', 'Does anyone here have a business degree?', 'Make unvaccinated people pay higher insurance premiums, much higher covid hospital bill', "Hello...when I was in elementary school, you HAD to be vaccinated or else you couldn't go.  This was to protect yourself and others.  So sad and aggravating that our leaders refuse to enforce something that would protect people.😡🤬", 'Free society with fewer people bc people are dying bc of covid??? Wow...freeeedooommm', "They're like little toddlers.... They need to do their jobs and stop worrying about the other guy🤪", 'You forgot what he said about the border🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'DeSantis for president ❤️🇺🇲', 'Erin looks a little triggered 😳', 'The scene of this world is changing', 'What about a wall between Fernandina Beach and Cedar Creeks?', 'What is the mortality rate for Covid patients in Florida compared to the Fascist Blue States?  What is the mortality rate for School aged kids with Covid?\nLibs really are pretty stupid.', "Biden is a real leader. Show them you have the power. This guy is sick and don't care about Americans he is killing them.", 'Sick.', 'Cnn leaves out the part where DeSantis says "I don\'t want to hear a blip out of you, until you secure the border"', 'Lockdowns did work we only have 30000 cases then now we have millions do the math', 'I heard that condom  prevent about 99 percent of pregnancy ..maybe about 10 percent get pregnant from wear and tear ..and Desantis never did a executive order saying that parent have the final says for teenage to use or not to use..so he did a executive order to prevent safeguard ..Lmao...while condom don’t get a executive order..', 'lol notice how they clipped it and edit out the parts where he exposes biden', 'So it is okay for the Governor to withhold funding but not the President?  Smh.  Concern about if he really cares about children.', 'His buddy Trump lost because of how he handled the pandemic, I guess he is going that way', "Ron DeSantis: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Covid\nHe won't let the vaccine corrupt his precious bodily fluids!", 'so De Santis already vaccinated or not?', 'Let\'s add context shall we. He said Why don\'t you do your job? Why don\'t you get this border secure and until you do that, I don\'t want to hear a blip about covid from you"', "No need for masks when you're too stupid to put it on right any way.", 'Before covid, when I have a flu and keeps coughing and sneezing, I wear a mask to protect others. Also I wear mask to avoid breathing car fumes while walking on the road. Now covid just comes in, why is it so wrong to wear a mask? So weird.', "Why don't you play the whole video , this is the most biased and untruthful news network.", "And we don't want to hear blip blip blip either from DeSantis", 'Keep Floridians in Florida!', 'Y’all chopped that clip up so much 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Any comments telling the truth about actual data concerning actual death rates of Children with Covid are being deleted.', 'When you try to "own the Libs" but end up owning yourself. Well done, DeathSantis.', 'How can a 30 sec video can Be switch so many times, Jesus , like devil humeslf', 'Not my state but good for Broward ed for health move', '“The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is arrogance.”', "Bidden ought to be mocked. Border crisis & it's super spreader posture is a joke to CNN & Biden Shame on CNN .their anchors & analysts as well.", 'Looooollllll deceptive edit', 'It is easy to mock Biden. You should try it.', 'Everyone on here needs to watch event 201 read and watch everything what we are going threw in a nut shell', 'Here’s the unedited  version for full context. \nhttps://youtu.be/wuAbLIexkAw', "Let's be real you guys are all terrified of desantis. He speaks truth, Is competent, and will destroy Kamala in a general. This propaganda network is already doing a campaign against him", 'Its moments like this that make me want to only vote democratic or third party for the rest of my life', 'just in case anti vaxxer Teachers want to come back to School?\nSend em away without pay :-)', 'What are the republicans going for? It is confusing to see people saying the cdc or Biden should allow us to be a free society and refuse to stop the spread.', 'Drago: "if he dies, he dies".', "Inst it a Govt's job to protect its citizens. How is telling stupid people to wear masks for their onw benefit to stop dying now a political argument.  Perhaps if Desantis gets it he might wake up", 'Mr. Governor do you care about the people health in Florida. They are sick, and died in your state.', 'Wow it so awesome I did my first transaction on hack online with intellectweb they service is awesome', 'The CAPACITY question you forgot to ask yourself about.\nWhen you get sick you go to the hospital, right?  Right.  The problem is, ––– very soon and especially in red states –––– if and when you get sick there might NOT be a hospital bed for you.  Why?   COVID/DELTA.  That\'s the issue in right now.  Capacity.   As cases have exploded and hospitals are filling up to near capacity, there just aren\'t any staffed beds left.  The average COVID patient spends 7-10 days in hospital (if they do recover).  The cost ranges of a COVID patient is $51,000 to $78,000, based on age (eg, citation from FAIR Health).  If you have to stay 2 weeks plus, incurring additional cost for more acute care, that total rises to close to $160,000.  I\'m not even going to quote the typical ICU bill, or for those without insurance.  Are you listening, Right Wing "Freedom" lovers?  ––– So, you\'ve got lots of money to gamble with with COVID then?!  Well, be my guest!   Don\'t wear a mask!  Don\'t get the vaccine!   You\'ll be paying off these bills for the rest of your natural life.', 'Well this wouldn\'t be CNN without cutting this clip. CNN reminds me of the movie "They Live" the robots on media', 'Mr Desantis you can spin the way you want but the numbers are not in your favor. You better step out of the last century and start living in the age of internet. This is a global pandemic ravaging every country on its way. The virus does not care for Florida or any state or country.', "I wonder how many people will have to get sick/die in these states before the people realize these guvs aren't their friends, very much the opposite!", 'Do you really believe what you say?', 'Lying media!!!!!!!', 'For people who are old enough to remember the crack epidemic, AIDS epidemic, etc. understand that people of a certain persuasion want acknowledge the problem until it hits their doorstep.', 'easy fix:  just block Florida from crossing to all other states to prevent bacteria from spreading.', 'We all make fun of desantis till infections start dropping once summer season is over', 'CDC has ‘science based’ recommendations…Florida has the highest covid rates yet is only 7% of the population \n\nAnyone see a narrative here?\n\nFlorida also has a large senior community (duh) with a larger range of health issues naturally \n\nIn addition how many times has the CDC and ‘science’ been wrong?  Talk about a new religion', 'Notice how they edited out the part when Desantis talked abt the border crisis😂', 'only 2 weeks... heard this before..lol', "Yeah what's the 7 day death average. Oh yeah it's 0", 'STOP THE OPEN BORDER!!! stop allowing people here !  I love Governor Disantis!  I do not like liars and fearmongers!', 'Show the full clip. Florida is a  free state!', 'Trump wanna be! What would you expect! Florida needs to vote him “out of office!”', 'de Santis is 10x the man sippy cup is', 'RON DESANTIS FOR PRESIDENT 2024', 'is DeSantis vaccinated???', "Lockdowns don't work. New Zealand hold my beer.", 'CLOSE THE BORDER!!!!!!!', 'Who actually wares a mask?', "What CNN is not showing is that he really says you can wear a mask and get a shot, IF YOU WANT. And they didn't show him saying how bad of a job he is doing at securing the border and letting thousands of infected immigrants into this country.", "Of course you're going to talk bad about a Republican he's not on your team that's why we get the term fake news Democrat news media", 'CNN so butt hurt about Florida for.. let’s hear about hunter Smokin crack on FaceTime? Can we see that? Your ratings will go up more', '"TRUST ONCE BROKEN IS IMPOSSIBLE TO REESTABLISH" \nSpeak the Truth\n“Peace be with us all”', 'Republicans can\'t tell the difference between  ignorance and "freedom."', 'Hey you remember when james okeefe caught your director lying and said that you sell fear to manipulate the public? Americans do.', "Out of a pop of over 27 million only 9 thousand new cases? That's... not bad actually.", 'Good job, murica', "It's not hard to imagine these crybabies got into power and are now ruining things because of their egos.", 'I just dont get it. What is with the mask? This guy Ron Santos make it sound like wearing a mask like wearing a used tampon. Did his mom did it to him when he was young?', "It is strange how people beg for others to regulate them. Worry about yourself. Let me and my republican buddies die in peace if you're so concerned...", 'Vaccines being mandated by the Government v the United States Supreme Court?\nJacobson v Massachusetts 1905\nThey AGREED with a lower Court\'s decision that States have the authority to make a vaccine mandatory it was in regards to a Small Pox vaccine.\n\n"The Court\'s decision articulated the view that Individual liberties are NOT absolute and ARE subject to the police power of the State"\n\nHaving to prove they are vaccinated v the United States Supreme Court?\nZucht v King 1922\nSchools have the authority to deny a student if they have not gotten the mandatory vaccinations.\n\nIf they have the authority to deny a student access if they HAVEN\'T been vaccinated, they OBVIOUSLY have the authority to see proof that they have been.', 'Stop supplying Florida with vacinnes and by no means provide them extra hospital beds if their hosptials get overrun. I would not give them any federal support for their hospital sector currently. Let them figure this out on their own. I would do the same thing with Texas as well. Let Abbott and Desantos figure this out without any federal help.', 'pathetic clip.. he said if u dont fix the border i dont want to hear a blip about covid from biden.. double standard', "Lockdown didn't work in Florida because the state wasn't properly locked down. I live in Orlando and far too many people didn't take covid seriously whatsoever and that's not even counting the spring break and summer crowds who came here for vacation", 'Florida has the freedom of choice the vaccine is available so why shut down the state if you choose to not be vaccinated that’s your risk just like it’s your choice to smoke at your own risk', "I know a bunch of new voters not gonna vote for this governor  I hope when he loose he doesn't act like trump ..", 'Love ❤️ Desantis!', 'Good for this man. He knows what’s right and what’s wrong. Nobody should be forced to do ANYTHING they don’t want to.', "Ho ho ho it's magic.... you know...never believe it's not so .", 'DeSatan should go retire at MaraLago.', 'We should make a T-Shirt that says " Dead Floridians Thank DeSantis "', '"You can\'t drink a beer with a Face mask!" Ron DeSantis June 2021', 'a circus called CNN!', 'finally...maybe florida will just die out', 'Free to die, he means.', 'Maybe you should should the full clip in Its entirety!', 'why are we complaining about dumb people dying?', 'Yes these are the same people who refuse to give  woman a choice their anti-choice in he has deaths on his hands because he refuses to save the living he’s a disgusting despicable man shame on him', 'CNN clips the speech of course if you watch the full speech from governor of Florida says Biden while you let people with covid across the boarder with out them being required to be  vaccinated I don’t want to hear a bleep about COVID but of course you got cnn clipping the speech to fit there motive what a joke this channel is.', 'The quote was “Until\nYou handle covid at the border, I don’t want to hear a blip from you about covid”.', 'How about you play the whole video instead of just clips you plucked out?', 'Please dont send your kids to school. You can do this! You can teach them at home.', 'Hey CNN you cut out the most important part of his message to Biden, why am I not surprised? 🤷🏼\u200d♂️😂', 'I saw something this morning saying" death by desantis "   well I wonder if Trump.  Who seemed to dismiss the virus that someone might use " death by Trump "    I don\'t understand all this...maybe you can help...i thought pro-life people try to save lives....and if it saves lives then do it\n\n\n\nAnd that is what pro-life means....if it saves lives lives then do it......Praise the Lord...i think the Lord would agree', 'Our leadership at work.', 'Florida is amazing', 'A great State!  It just needs a new Governor.  Someone to put their lives above his petty little ego.', 'You can be as tired and weary from dealing with a pandemic as you like but it’s still not going to change the reality of the situation.', "I've always believed people deserve those they elect. Desantis is a reflection of their worse selves.", 'Serious issues require leaders with integrity, honor and common sense.  This does not fit desaints and Abbot.', 'So funny! Biden can’t compete with this guy! Somebody gave Biden a comeback and it fell flat…..well Biden laughed.', 'Why didn’t cnn play the whole speech?? 🧐', "DeSantis proves that it doesn't matter what kind of education you have, stupid can still happen.", 'if deaths dictate a crisis why don’t we have an obesity crisis?', 'Impeach DeSantis seems like the way to go. The  comments are riddle with fake pages', 'The 40% Thumbs down is for biden and CNN not for DeSantis he is killing biden here.', "Desantis is trying to out trump, trump. Hey gov, in case you haven't heard trump lost in 2020, that's why he's not in the White House, if he had won he'd be there, that's how it works.", 'Good for Governor De Santis to Stand for parents and not for\nBiden', 'Of course CNN cut the videos to show a different narrative.  Worst news network ever', 'Incompetence, irresponsibility... One has the elected officials one deserves.', 'What is he so upset about Florida. Could it be the rising Covid cases. That’s like saying why is everyone so upset about uncle Charlie drinking and driving….because he could kill some one. WTF.', 'Cnn doing hard to project fl Gov as a challenger of trump 🤣', 'Are all these people getting vaccinated before they cross the border?', 'Im the symbolic horseman from the book of revelation. I brought the corona virus. Corona virus has no cure. Tell the president', 'You make Florida sound like a dream in comparison to NYC which has been a covid cesspool since it came on the scene and has only gotten worse. You never cover the rates here despite the vaccine or how absurd the mandates are getting. NYC is far more deserving of coverage, detailing how bad it is, than FL or TX...You guys only do Red States huh?', 'Sometimes you must pick your battle.Just wear the 😷.It protect from all germs.Get out if the political s***..Just wear the mask 😷', "strategic editing of what DeSantis said cnn. you're not fooling anyone", 'I SEE Parents taking care of their kids. DeSanitise is about to be crushed. Your Kids are Your LOVE! Choose! Save them or let them die. Mask Up! These women are MOMS who want their children to live! F*K DeSanitise!', "I can't believe I lived this long seeing this.", 'Does anyone really believe CNN is making Florida the worst.\n  Oh wait! \n  They\'re starting the attack on the governor before 24.\n"Never mind", Rosanna Danna.  Now there was a reporter.', 'I wonder if she’s a Democrat and a Alaba', "Why redact by edit what Desantis said? Wasn't a long speech guys. Show it all cowards 🙋🇺🇲🛠️🇷🇺", 'CNN blows!!!!', "Custodians got sick (not kids) so let's put mouth diapers on kids who won't get sick even if they get the virus.", 'Can I give this propoganda a double thumbs down. What a crock! Hey where’s Chris, I heard he’s going on “extended” vacation soon', 'Someone need to tell the Governor, you either have a living political base or a sick and dead political base.', "Someone please stop this madness! I don't know that I have seen a more ignorant group that ignores COVID-19 deaths and health related issues.", 'Show the whole speech', 'Damn people still belive these fake cnn articles??? 🤔', 'Strip his state of government money', 'why didn’t cnn play the part where desantis talked about the open borders being one of the main causes of the spreading?', 'We closed the border last year, still open despite tens of thousands of cases slipping in.\nPelosi threatens arrests for the maskless yet signs legislation without her mask\nAoC sits in a crowd with no mask until the photo op\nYeah, we know what is going on.', 'Deep state media!', 'DeSantis, the unapologetic Super Spreader, once again leads the nation with over 22,000 new COVID cases today.', "What a joke....you completely left the part out about Desantis saying he doesn't want to hear anything until the border is closed. You guys should be ashamed of yourself!!!", 'I think you left out the part where he blamed biden for covid rise on open borders.', 'DeSantis is right... you can either have a free society, or you can have rules! \nI\'m eagerly awaiting his declaration that all laws, all regulations, all "government" and all law enforcement in Florida will be disbanded.\nOnly then will you have a real, true "free society". \n\nLet the Purge begin! FOR FREEDOM!', '9/11 Return your apple phone day. Bring and American flag to support the victims and the constitution. Find a store', "Yesterday, DeSantis said Florida is experiencing it's Covid season. https://youtu.be/eAf3yPsxUOE.  😳", 'What’s crazy is I just came from watching a video of a man fighting for his life with Covid and here’s this fool refusing to encourage people to do everything they can to stay safe and health. A so called leader. He needs to be jailed. This is surreal. It’s criminal what this lunatic is doing. And people are following his lead like sheep to the slaughter. W T F', 'Yall should play the while thing not just part!!!', '99.9% of the people dying are UNvaccinated!', 'nice typical msm show the whole clip instead of your biased version.  such distortion to manipulate the simple minded liberals viewers', 'Wow if you watch this please, please go watch the entire speech that the governor gave. This was wayyy out of context. Cnn used small little phrases from the speech instead of allowing full sentences to be heard.', '🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Non Edited version:\nhttps://youtu.be/wuAbLIexkAw', 'There are thousands of intelligent people in OUR Constitutional Republic, BUT maybe, DeSantis and everyone else in government should listen to the brilliant genius, of Mr. Horace Mann.\n\n“BE ASHAMED TO DIE UNTIL YOU HAVE WON SOME VICTORY FOR HUMANITY” \nHorace Mann Antioch College 1859 \n\nSpeak the Truth\n“Peace be with us all”', 'It doesnt rage in his state though..', 'You people are very scared of this man. You should be.', 'Covid was never going to disappear. Time to get back to normal and learn to live with it. Cnn is a disgrace.', 'Florida is a land of assorted nuts.', 'OK, I agree with no mandates. DeSantis is right here. Won\'t work. But, dude, look at the numbers. Florida is being overrun by Delta. And there is no such thing as an autonomous freedom in a liberal democracy. Our freedoms are ALWAYS limited for the common good. Always. That\'s the "liberal" piece of our democracy.', 'Our kindergartners wore their masks all last year…didn’t lose one of them …', 'You DeSantis pointed out Bidens hypocrisy?!! GTFO CNN.', "If those parents don't want their children to be mask, they should learn on the comforts of their homes. Simple.", 'Do some work instead of giving free lunch', "Every single statement he makes has glaring logical fallacies riddled throughout them. It takes only the slightest amount of critical thinking to see right through his bullshit. But people would rather just ignore having to actually do any effort and deal with the problem and instead just get told everything is just fine when it's clearly not.", 'Common sense is dead', 'CNN is manipulating you ALL, wake up!!!', "isn't it calles herd immunity?", 'Hard to cure stupidity and misplaced politics like this irresponsible governor. Sacrificing the lives of his constituents.', 'Desantis doesnt care about covid.he just likes the power of control he haves over these Floidians.', 'This is so biased its laughable, they cut the clips before DeSantis finished any of his points which would have given them proper context. Although what else can you expect from CNN (Context Not Necessary)? No wonder their viewership is nosediving.', 'Republican lawmakers "The party of death"', 'DeSantis is afraid that his major supporters would get upset if he decided to pull his his head out of his six.', 'how is your mortality rate gov?', 'Just pissed that he is going to be president in 2024', 'Why didn’t they play his entire statement?', "As long as the people of Florida sides with the embacile leading their loved ones to death sentences, there's nothing we really can do, besides chop florida off and let it float away to sea.", "If you didn't have any problem taking credit for your state's low covid number before you have to own your state's high number now.", 'Desaints needs to resign.  What a disgrace.', 'Why does CNN EDITS  severly the video of Gov...Desantis???...Show me the non--edited video ,so I  can have  a non-edited opinion...🤔🤔🤔', 'I guarantee that if a member of DeSantis family caught covid or died from covid his tune would definitely change. Stop politicizing this damn virus already. It’s the division of this country that is making it worse.', 'Erin Burnett, you are a joke. The border is wide open and Joe Biden is letting thousands of COVID 19 positive individuals into the country. How dare you not show the rest of the interview', 'If you can’t make a kindergarten child to wear a mask, you should revise your parent’s skills. You are not suitable to be a parent.', 'Are the bots on vacation? This comment section is pretty sane. It doesn’t look like it’s filled with foxnews viewers.', "When the kids start dying, and they have to helplessly watch them struggle to breathe from behind glass, maybe they'll rethink putting a piece of cloth over their face.\nBut I doubt it.", 'AZ GOV , FLORIDA GOV , CHICAGO GOV. ...THEY ALL SHOULD BE FIRED !!!!!', 'Nobody in or out of Florida.  Set up the GUARD at the airports and at the border roads.  Keep the TYPHOID MARY’S in the DeathSantis Petri dish called Florida!  To the citizens - it’s do or die time.  Love your state - Charge DeSantis with RECKLESS ENDANGERMENT❗️', '21 million people in Florida and only 1500 covid cases in the ICU... Yeah right completely out of control....', "DeSantis is making decisions, Biden is just trying to repeat what he's told to say.....", 'You watch and see how fast he’ll change his tune once he realizes the catastrophe he’s allowed to happen on his watch. ⏰', 'Are you could have a whole bunch more people dying in your state to dummy', 'CNN is a piece of work.', 'Vote him out', "This lady is educated why doesn't she be governor", 'Nailed it when you said it’s for votes. How many more people have to die before they wake up?! Love the show!', 'Cruise lines should move out of state', 'Finnish the WALL stop letting them in', "Cases? why don't you report about the deaths CNN? yeah, because it has gone down dramatically and you can't use it to scare people anymore.", 'Remember when you cried about trump grabbing pushy but now are ok with cuomo America does', 'ya, great idea, lets take some advice from the teachers union. what a joke!!', 'Heavily Edited as Usual.  CNN is full of BS', 'Video skipped the point about the open border', 'People who live in glass houses should not throw rocks.', 'Well edited video CNN (expected 🖕)', 'Listen to the Orwellian propaganda media. George Orwell turns over in his grade.', 'OMG IM IN 💕💞❤️ PLEASE let me know if I can help 👍 GOVERNOR FOR LIFE!!!', 'New York is falling', '337 total deaths in people aged 0-17  js', 'Why does she sound so irritated? Is she about to lose her job or something?', 'Lmfaoo this was awesome, go kick rocks Joe', 'I’ll never go on a cruise ship that has unvaccinated staff and guests', 'DeSantis - what a tit', 'Typical CNN editing...shame on them for misleading the sheep', 'Governor Desantis is no Corn pop', 'Amazing ....... whilst they flood in through your borders! Unchecked!', 'That’s what we want. A disastrous governor along party lines without leadership, so long he mocks the opposition.', 'This comment section has many paid people commenting pushing a agenda with a pro government message, you can tell when you try to comment and YouTube gives you a error and will not let you post your reply', 'Desantis is blocking health care.   Schools.   Businesses    From protecting people.', 'Deathsantis', "Any particular reason cnn edited out the comment before the blip. You know where he said until biden does his job at the border to stop the virus from coming in I don't want to hear a blip from him telling me how to do my job?", "We don't really want to hear a blip from you you won't have a free state you'll have a dead state", 'CNN gaslighting to keep from talking about Bidens failure on covid, and the southern border oh and lets not forget disgraced governor Andrew Cuomo.', "The world knows Desantis is a fool , it's just Florida that doesn't. . . . .", "Mandate means forced....it does not mean if you feel you want to wear a mask you are not allowed to lol.   It's not like if you choose to wear a mask they are gonna tear it off your face.  What you need mandates and lockdowns to do what's best for you and your family??? Lol", "It is in our hands to protect our children  as parents we can let him know we aren't agreeing with his mandates", 'Highest covid hospitalizations?  But Biden is the president!!', 'Time for Desantis to go', 'Why not designate some schools ``mask  free``  and some  ``mask mandatory`` and have all unvaccinated adults & unmasked children go to one school and the vaccinated\xa0adults & masked\xa0children to another;  each on their own bus of course.  That way each group of parents  (the children have no choice) & teachers & staff could opt for either freedom or safety - and their choice won`t affect the other group.  It would be a nightmare logistically but would allow EVERYONE the freedom to make Covid choices and feel somewhat in control of the situation.', 'first thing. \nclose Florida border', 'Ah.. mask burning...sure looks like Tehran', 'Yeah. The USA is falling behind', 'Fake news cnn. Love from Scotland 🏴\U000e0067\U000e0062\U000e0073\U000e0063\U000e0074\U000e007f', "Two wonderful human beings who thinks safety is first for humans. Desanti's is a yes sir man . He's killing his own people.", 'This guy is trying to leap frog to a Presidential run on the backs of dead people.', 'Should be "SOB"!', 'That’s a lie hospital are not full in Florida', "I live in Texas, where Cruz and Abbott are indifferent to us, and crazy as hell other times...and I'm really worried about Florida. \nDeSantis is a nutbag. I wouldn't want my child going to school in Fla with no mask, no vaccine yet, and apathy about spreading a pandemic.", "Heavily edited and out of context. CNN try to include what he said about the SUPER SPREADER THAT IS BIDEN'S OPEN BORDERS POLICY.. he actually said it folks. HOGWASH", "As a Canadian, I can only hope that we don't open our border anytime soon. Lunacy reigns south of the 49th!", 'Live & Let Die  \nThe Planet needs a Cull', 'This lady is looking really old.... wow. Lying will do that to you.', 'Enter Florida at your own risk. Flyer  Beware 😫😫😫', 'Next time Desantis gets operated on he should ask the surgeon not to wear a mask.', "Letting millions of illegals come in and spread covid around the country is Biden's fault. You all must be playing with yourselves at CNN.", "LMAO from sunny Florida and we don't care how you do things else where. We have our own way and things are going great down here don't believe the news. Come down and find out for yourself buy a margarita and get some sun.", 'Show the whole video', 'These people are playing with the American people/s lives.', "Until Biden gets the border under control...he doesn't want to hear a blip about covid. Nice that they edited the first part that comment out, putting a divisive spin on it. Fox does the same thing on the opossite side of the spectrum. Please stop ripping the country apart thinking that some utopia is just going to replace it. The only reason there are citizens that hate this country is because they have never lived anywhere else and have nothing to compare it to.", 'What is a bio medical security state? When Biden said governors should get out of the way, I am pretty sure he was talking about DeSantis in particular. He could have said DeSantis should get out of the way, and would have been saying the same thing. In January Trump was cruising to an easy win. Then Covid hit, 600,000 people died, Trump did nothing and lost. Now DeSantis and Abbott are doing the exact same thing as Trump. Is it a smart thing politically to copy a loser?', "You guys are so good at fake news you didn't even finish what he said what a joke", 'CNN makes these numbers up. CNN is a joke', 'prevention is better  than cure basically. Mr governor', 'DeSantis for president 2024.', 'DSantis 2024', 'Desantis seems to forget.     Government runs our country.     Not Desantis.', "DeSantis gambled that the Pandemic was almost over and hitch his bandwagon to a crazy Anti-Vaxer horse.\n\nNow he's pretending the ditch he ended up in is where he intended to go.", 'If I wanted to create an affective bio weapon. I would administer it to as many people as possible then test as many people as possible.', "Florida has a 7-day average of 18,100 new cases and 72 deaths over that same time span. That equals a 99.6% survival rate. I'd say Ron DeSantis is doing a great job in his state.", 'DeSantis is The Dunning Kruger Effect personified', 'Republicans are trying to distract from Trumps failure to handle covid by talking about the border', 'Way too many people are still wearing diapers. Grow up!', 'Did anyone else notice the content changed on this video? I commented yesterday and today its a completely  different video.  Is this common?', 'Civil society choosing ≠ government order.... Duh', 'Cut up to shit huh?', 'How many children will die in Florida?', 'SAD, SO SAD. These people are going to die because of DeSantis is a flawed individual.', 'Weird people are moving to florida and moving away from California so what does that tell you 🤔', "Child abuse Ists Child abuse not to protect the children of Florida and then stop there funding he's looking for votes in the wrong places putting innocent children in jeopardy of there lives is sad.", 'What a dip.', 'These people are fueled by Q anon conspiracy bs.', 'I live in South Florida. I drive through the almost empty parking lot of Lee County Memorial Hospital frequently. \nSince this has all started I’ve traveled to three states as a disaster relief worker. \nIt was about a year ago I was in Orange, Texas and Louisiana with about 100 other disaster relief workers from all over the country. \nWe were responding to flooding and I wore a mask when asked to. \nI’ll wrap a friggin bandana around my head if it makes other people feel better, but nobody is even doing that nonsense anymore. \nI went to an AA meeting last night with 12 other non masked recovering alcoholics. \nI’ve been to the grocery store, hardware store and Dublin Donuts today. \nI have a bandada tied to my purse in case someone asks me to put it on. \nThat’s not going to happen bc I haven’t seen ONE mask in weeks. \nMy seven year old neice stayed with me for over week at the height of lockdown. \nJust to be safe I didn’t take her into any public places. \nI’m aware the elderly and those with compromised immune systems are at risk of contracting Covid. \nAs a potential “carrier” I missed out on spending time with my parents. \nMy parents live 3 miles away and I didn’t see them for nine months. \nThe truth is this, more veterans are dying my suicide every single day in the U.S. than ever before. \nWe’ve had multiple VA clinic parking lot suicides. \nMany vets living with PTS have to be conscious of self isolating. \nFlorida veterans worked really hard to implement peer support groups and programs. \nVets were going to peer support groups and the suicide epidemic was significantly improving 2017-2019. \nThe DoD speculates the number of vets dying daily by suicide could be as high as 30. \nPrior to Covid and the Biden administration that number had fallen below 20 for the first time in two decades. \nIt will take YEARS under the best of circumstances to rebuild the veteran community. \nThe grass roots veteran community bc the VA has never helped vets and now they have an excuse to deny vets mental health care. \nThe recovery community, meaning 12 step meetings could not hold meetings for almost a year. \nBy the grace of God I maintained my long term recovery by staying in touch with other recovering alcoholics. \nNot everyone has been so fortunate. \nAt the meeting last night we addressed the fact that many of our members with long term recovery has relapsed as a result of being forced to stay home. \nPeer support IS life or death for veterans. \nAttending 12 step meetings IS life or death for those in recovery. \nThe odds are strongly against me. \nI am a veteran, retired after being injured in the line of duty. \nI am also a surviving spouse which makes me at even greater risk of suicide. \nI’m a recovering alcoholic (not ashamed and never will be) and so many of my peers with decades of sobriety relapsed during this sh@t show. \nI am heartbroken for my fellow vets dying daily at their own hand bc we weren’t allowed to meet in a group setting for months on end. \nI’m heartbroken for my peers in recovery who are dying a slow suicide of agonizing alcoholic death. \nWith AA meetings closed for almost a year many with long term recovery simply could not stay sober. \nI’ve ALWAYS followed the rules and done what was asked of me as a soldier and civilian by the government. \nI’ll continue to wrap a damn bandana around my head if that makes someone else feel better about attending an AA meeting. \nThat’s where it stops though. \nNot for political, religious or any other reason other than I spent years of my life in uniform. \nThat sure as hell doesn’t mean anything to anyone but I DID sacrifice a lot for this country. \nI prefer not to but if it comes down to it, I’ll sit in county jail for up to a year. \nI’ll deal with the consequences if the Biden Administration makes it against the law to decline vaccination. \nI’m not having the vaccine, period. \nThe reason being I don’t know a soul that’s had Covid and I don’t want to vaccinated. \nWe are Americans and don’t have to give anyone a reason. \nAs long as I pay my own bills and take care of my own business I’m not going to play games with a government that’s opened the southern border. \nThe vaccine is voluntary for military INCLUDING the thousands stationed at the southern border. \nYesterday 1,500 people entered the U.S. testing positive for Covid. \nGo dick with them, see to it that those 1,500 people bringing the Covid virus into the US are vaccinated. \nShow me their vaccination passports and maybe I’ll consider it. \nUntil then go get vaccinated and worry about yourself.', 'Lol the guy on the back.  These people are like cartoons haha.', 'I hate Gov Abbott, Dan Patrick, and Ted Cruz. John Cornyn has had the sense to shut up and sit down so I simply don’t like him.', 'So DeSantis is going to cut Thier funds for trying to protect children? 😲 DeSantis is another nut caught up in playing money games with big corp and stock market. Who does that?', 'Joe Rogan for Governor of texxxxxxas', 'Desantis 1 - 0 Biden', '1:48 am I seeing this right? WHAT ARE THOSE PANTS?!', 'These are lies', "Abbot is a close second.  What a disgrace.  Both govenors are costing people's lives.", '"rages"', 'He is scary', 'Good, more republican deaths means higher chance of democratic wins 😎👍', '"Lockdowns don\'t work.  We\'ve proven that."  The interviewer looks taken aback.  There\'s no way to communicate with an outright liar and charlatan.  They only understand one thing - guns.  (not the Bible)', 'He’s not concern with the people he represents. I want to be President  . The old folks are 5he one that will die .', 'Blind liberal mouth piece', 'DeSantis does not pretend to be an authoritarian dictatorship, he lets people make their own choices and deal with their own consequences. Meanwhile others think people are too stupid and mentally challenged that they think they gotta turn to authoritarianism to keep them alive...', 'Don’t be fooled. Can’t believe people get convinced by them. I just see this Governor as a person for freedom. The rest want to strip it away from you.', 'Why are we paying for illegal immigrants???', 'CNN hates to hear the truth!!!  That a boy GOVERNOR RON DESANTIS!!', 'DeSantis is a hero.', 'Flash! Illegal immigrants could and are conservative people .', "We're still playing this covid game? 😂", 'Wow the propaganda is just right in your face now.  Shame on you, CNN.', '15 out of 10 people tested positive for Covid today. And 22 of them died.', "DeSantis has such a child mentality. Basically just gets overly defensive because he wants people to think he's some badass when really he is just making the situation exponentially worse each day", 'Ahhh, you left quite a bit out there, CNN. Nice framing for your narrative though.', 'Not true💯', 'Worst governor in the history of the US.', 'Free society my butt, people are dying!', 'Good lord what has happened to journalism?', 'Is not ilegal to wear a mask they are not defenseless if you want to wear do it is that simple', 'Trumper and descantis going suffer citizens those crazy people both are crazy', "Why don't you play the full speech of him.  不要相信他们说的。", '"Raging."  LOL.  Yes, 50 deaths a day in a state of 22M.  Everyone is dead.'], ['Prosecuting attorneys often take cases to court that they may lose. Seldom do prosecuting attorneys have the Alleged perpetrator on tape committing the crime as in this case. I do not find this argument to be logical or viable, but rather an excuse for doing nothing!', 'When the truth surfaces, these people need to be sent out of the US', 'The 14th Amendment Section 3 of the Constitution needs to be ENFORCED!!!', "The 'just a LARP' excuse can't cope with all of this evidence.", "When I received a subpoena to appear in court on thier time, date and location I took it seriously. Apparently we  have political leaders that don't feel that it's serious. What's worse is there's no repocution for them breaking the law. If I acted like that the Sheriff's Deputy would be at my from door swing hand restraints", "If an Army Ouarter Master running a resupply depot in Iraq were to tell US troops that he was not going to just give them what they required unless they gave him something of value in return   would be going to Ft Leavenworth prison and no one would have a hard time understanding why. I'm tired of excuses being made for Trump and co. I tired of TV people giving him some sort of benefit of the doubt after everything that has happened.", "Congress should immediately change the law on Subpoena response. Ten days after notification an arrest warrant is issued for contempt, and mandatory jail time prescribed right off the bat. Then testimony is to be compelled. That's all.", 'When you find out he was trying to expose the truth...', 'More evidence ? \nBy the time they put it all together, actually a answer to that would be FORTUNE telling. \nIt really doesnt look good for the guy though...', 'Its a crime its called treason and he is guilty of it 100%', "Can't the committee go directly to the supreme court to obtain a ruling that all subpoenas must be respected", 'And T. does not want to show his taxpapers. How low can he go? My bet? Wait…it can go lower…the lower, the more dirt.', 'It is time to indicted 45, he should be in jail. Are we going to aloud this democracy attempt to be ignore?', "Is Clarke going to walk free. Hi Clarke, can you throw light on what it's being alleged you did?", "All this talk and nothing will happen to him. NOTHING!!! and I can't stand the man.", 'Are they going to do anything about this????   The government has to do something........🤨', '"Leave the rest to me."...Individual 1', "The guys like a Swiss Army knife when you think it's over something new just pops out🤔", 'Jeffrey Toobin, so much integrity, pass the lotion😆😅😂🤣😭', "That's the Lowest, of the Low in Government", 'When will CNN fall out of love with Trump and start talking about some real issues.', 'America is turning into another third world, corrupt country.', 'You guys hired John Brennan a the former CIA director. Operation mocking bird is alive and well', 'What about Hunter and Joe Biden all the evidence is there that they were selling the White House access you guys are a joke.', 'As the previous admin defied subpoena after subpoena, there was little to no enforcement. Will that happen again under this administration?', 'How they can let Toobin back on television is beyond me.', 'They miss him so much', 'of course he did. We all knew why Bill Barr was fired and we heard the phone call with GA. Acting like there is a NEW important development just lessens those crimes.', 'Wow, now we know what was happening 😔', 'Golly, that is breaking news lol', "Soo - he could shoot someone in the street, and just simply refuse to testify - and that's it. \nZuma in South Africa, another clear criminal, refused, and his thugs wrecked the place, This may be the shape of things to come, if you have enough of a mob, the law does not apply. Sad.", 'Who are these people who take the Oath of Office but do this stuff?  Incredible.', 'Who else would the agenda have come from, Elmo?', '“New Evidence” …….coming to CNN………', "LOL We all know if CNN says it then it's truth.....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 C'mon man!", 'WHY - 2021 !\nWhy must we yearn for what we can\'t have\nWhen already, we have more than we deserve?\nNevertheless, we’ll take all we can get\nPerforming daily for those we serve.\n\nWhy must religions battle one another\nCalling on the faithful for jihad?\nWhy should so many die for the few\nWhen all are the children of God?\n\nWhy do soldiers sing as to death they march\nWhich they have for centuries and more?\nKnowing quite well, combat awaits them\nLeaving nothing as it was before.\n\nThe biggest question of life is "why"\nThe wrath of man is always in season?\nWhy is our world the way it is\nLike a tragic poem without rhyme or reason?\n\nTHANK YOU FOR WHO YOU ARE IN YOUR HEART ?\nBy Tom Zart\nGoogle = Most Published Poet\n Tom’s 1,650 Poems Are Free To Share!\n Google = George Bush Tom Zart\n Google = Most Published Poet YouTube\n Google = Love War And More', 'Rosen told Clark there is no evidence. Clark nevertheless persisted.', "Proof he's just want it for his own power", 'Update - August 7, Jeffrey Rosen talked w/ member of Senate Judiciary Committee behind closed doors. Very revealing, very specific.', 'So? Will Jeffrey Clark go to jail, or is this just another revelation of the brazenness of the Trump lackeys?', 'At least the orange criminal is consistently corrupt. His lifetime modus operandi  is in full display and force here.', 'Toobin reminds me SO much of Kissinger…', 'You guys already have so many evidence, now why on earth this guy still roams free?', "He damn well better if there's NOT to be a re-run with the next Republikkkan President....", 'Same evidence as Russian collusion? Forgive me if I don’t believe CNN.', 'What scares me is what will the next tyrannical President do when they loose an election.', 'OMG.. CNN spin that story your way, such BS!!!!', "Oh yeah, feelings aren't evidence.", 'If the only recourse we have to fascism is offering resignations then there is no recourse and this country is inevitably going to fall.', "Arrest them if they don't comply with the subpoenas...you know, like they would do to everyday people.", 'How in the hell did CNN allow Toobin to come back?', 'Glad to see tubin', 'Toobin- “ I think it’s hard to identify which federal statutes were violated..” WTF? Are you kidding me ? He tried to overthrow an election. We have him on tape with his own words stating so. There is no gray zone here. He violated numerous statutes, including conspiracy. This is a “clear identifiable” violation here. The honest answer is that America does not have the appetite to put a president in jail-PERIOD. What a disgrace.', 'Yes, this will make a compelling, fascinating, must see docuseries on the History cahnnel one day.\nBut what does it matter right now?  Why is it news now?  Who cares about this in any way outside retrospect?\nPlease stop telling us these "dug" facts about how much evidence exists or is discovered about Trump\'s corruption, and the depth of his criminal activity in the White Hosue.  WE KNOW!\nHere\'s what news actually is:  "Because of these notes and new developments, the following actions and consequences have happened".', 'Smh held an apprentice style show down', 'When is the admin gonna actually help the country they so worried about a guy who isn’t in office more than the American people', 'Another act of sedition and another blind eye?', '"...when you\'re a star they let you do it. You can do anything."', "Just like CNN to keep this garbage going...and since it's CNN telling the story I wouldn't believe it anyway", 'This is serious stuff.  They should not be allowed to avoid testimony with any and all excused they can muster.  Make them testify or throw them in jail.', 'This is the act of a dictator', "Hi CNN you should hire me I've been supplying you with huge amounts of major news. Go one, 11 named sources say Cuomo is a creepy man, obviously you haven't heard about it yet. Or can I just be a CNN contributor?", "Everything they're telling you now, democrats did plus way worse in 2016. #neverforget.", 'Can someone explain why Congress is investigating Jan 6 and not the DOJ or FBI? I know they have investigators, but my primary care doctor doesn’t do brain surgery for a reason. Mainly, he is not qualified. \nI am so sick of hearing of the MAGA crowd.. They are a cancer on our democracy.', 'Jeffery Flash Toonin is back on CNN??\nOMG 😱', 'blah blah blah blah, there are thousands of evidences that this clown has committed FRAUD on many occasions, and he is still on the street repeating the same lies. I use to believed that in this country there was justice and that it was for everyone 🤔😥😥', 'Time to move on, what about Cuomo *crickets', "Trump and his cronies are up to something again, I think another attack is coming soon. I just hope this time we're prepared for these animals.", "I'm not even going to watch this video I just jump straight to the comments just to say.\n\nAre we going to do anything about this is anybody going to stop him is anybody going to hold him accountable doesn't seem like it", "If attempting to steal an election and overturn a free and fair election isn't a Federal crime, we meed laws on the books IMMEDIATELY to make it such\n\nEMERGENCY \nEMERGENCY \n\nOUR HOUSE IS ON FIRE!!!", 'I\'ve just noticed an uncanny coindidence. "Senator" is an anagram of "Treason"', "It's time to question Trump in a court of true law and order. Please bring this matter to rest, for once and all.", 'This is why the audits are happening.', '"Cuomo seems like hes in a lot of trouble...uhh use Trump!!!"', 'Can you send him to jail now ?', 'christina applegate really used that anchorman role as a springboard eh?', "People need to call a snake a snake. It's not a lizard it's a snake!", 'Full court press before the audit results come out 🤡', 'Many scholars in the Philippines initiated an investigation of Fort Detrick in the United States.\n As early as 2019, Fort Detrick was closed due to an abnormal accident, and then an unknown disease of “e-cigarette” lung cancer appeared in the United States, and then the United States was infected and spread the virus on a large scale, so many scholars in the Philippines initiated  For the investigation of Fort Detrick in the United States, they plan to raise 1,000 signatures in the short term and thoroughly investigate the situation in Fort Detrick in the United States.', 'Best president of all time!', 'The cumulative weight of evidence, not the letter considered alone, supports a charge of seditious conspiracy. The combination of the letter, the various phone calls, the public statements at rallies, support an investigation NOW by the DOJ.', 'I can’t watch any analysis that includes Jeffery “Pullin’ My Pud” Toobin.', 'CNN propaganda machine in damage control mode.\r\n"Oh god get the news cycle off my brother, hurry, HURRY!"  - Chris Cuomo in the CNN breakroom.\n"Trump, Trump, Trump"', "It's because it's a fraudulent illagetamate election get real", 'Amazing How A Guy That Was In Office For 4 Years Is To Blame For All The Countries Ill’s More Then People Who’ve Been In Government For Decades. Seems Like The Left Is Simple Minded And Easily Distracted Away From Real Issues. (Look Now They’ll Attack Me For Using All Caps Or Me Personally Proving My Point)', 'Just watch Frank speech on august 10,11 and 12 for the actual captures of the fraud in the election please watch', 'What is Erin Burnett doin with her eyes? Morse Code? Just curious if any1 else saw this.', 'Nice try CNN! I only watched this video to read the comments about how terrible your network is. No one cares anymore about what you have to report about President Trump. Your news reports are not news and are unwatchable.', 'Treason!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'The man is insane , democrats or republicans should never elect an insane narcissist stable genius again.', 'Omg literally shaking\U0001f978', 'CNN credibility has just plummeted.', 'They still talkin bout the election??just move on n wait fo the next opponent of 2024 yk', 'More GOP TREASON!', 'Why are we focusing on this when the economy is falling apart?', "What's done in the dark will come to light.", 'Leave the man alone now', '😂', 'Lmao!!! I say we audit just to rub it in Trump face he lost!!!! As much as the democrats are fighting that they must be guilty!!!!', 'We got him now!', 'Erin is beautiful! But  she appears not to be feeling well.', 'Lock him up', "Arrest orange man now. All his other treasonous people getting locked up.He invited them insited them. Said he would walk with them to the capital. Or did he mean wouldn't?", "Keep referring to Nixon, Nixon that. If the government during Nixon's time had to use the past as their reference. What happens if there was no such crime to reference. *What is America doing about this crime TODAY* .", 'CNN should be careful, people are actually going to believe this....', 'Election was rigged', 'TRUMP HAS TO GO TO JAIL TO SEND ALL CORRUPT REPUBLICANS A LESSON, OR THIS DEMOCRACY IS OVER. PERIOD.', 'Cnn - how are your ratings?', 'This rabbit hole runs deep!!!', "Media really does love talking about Trump even though he's been gone for more than 6 months", 'FINALLY', 'What did they expect from a president who takes his orders from Vladimir Putin?', 'Worry about your south border instead its out of control!', 'YEAH? AND I WILL BE VOTING FOR #DONALDMYFIERCEALLEGIANCE2024', 'All of them have been violated.', 'It is truly the begining of the end of the american democracy, when a failed coup can be fully documented for historians to study … and none of its actors be brought to justice for even jaywalking. It truly shows the failing of this society where public life is just an act… The bigger the crime, the easiest it is to get away with it, is the final message for posterity. In this case the crime is so big that the justice system cannot even find a name for it. Another of these epic ‘failure of imagination’ this society is so famous for….', 'Is this really what the narrative should be in August of 2021? We are incredibly divided in this nation and just keeps getting worse. How about focus on the fact that we have real issues that deamand real conversation and real solutions from both sides...the rest of this crap is just a midway sideshow to keep you from the real stuff.', "I wish I could believe this. Yall just lie to damn much. Cut important information from your stories. Others have proved this over and over. You just can't be trusted.", 'To catch a liar saga goes on', 'It\'s never just the one thing that should have had him removed or jailed a long time ago.  Now we seem to have a growing stack of infractions or crimes that are singularly  damning just in themselves.  When will we say enough already, "You\'re fired"!', 'Yawn!!! Same old song and dance! The media has zero credibility, who believes this garbage anymore? It’s such a desperate attempt at generating views and likes ,', "There's so much more important things going on and all you do is report on trump. Stop it already.  Reporting on him will not longer bring up your declined ratings. Maybe if you reported the truth for once then maybe just maybe your ratings may start climb a bit", 'What BS!', '3.7k to 4.5K but theyll report it was well liked', 'Imagine what would have happened if the a/AG went along with the lies, and subsequently multiple DOJ officials, who saw the coup taking place in real time had submitted their resignations?  I a, sure they would have been quickly replaced by cronies and there might have been a different ending to the story.  The era of the Trump presidential period and in particular the way in which it capitulated is likely to be a focus of political and legal scholars for many generations.', 'Next up on CNN... the incredible peanut butter gargling sisters from Sri lanka!!!!!', 'How much more evidence do we need to gather on the former president?  Certainly he has earned some sort of punishment for his treachery?', 'Russia collusion!!! 🤣', '#WeKnowTrumpWon2020', 'Anybody seen COVID?', 'BACK OFF, I HAVE A CAT! 😺', 'Solidarity or bullying?', 'With the new laws the fascist state republican legislatures are putting into place to let them overturn elections this country is headed towards a very dark place. They cannot be allowed to get away with this.', 'Obviously, no rules for politicians and rich people in the US.', 'And the trial for the Biden boys?', "Most unscrupulous and corrupt President in U.S. history.  And he's still the leader of the Republican Party!", 'Why is CNN still on the air ways?', 'This from there was Russian collusion network…ok', 'Lock up all these traitor senators and congressmen', 'When I fancy a laff I come here hahahaha', 'Another nothing burger 😂', 'I am the least racist here. (Pause for laughter).', "Ugg. Does anyone really watch this crap? CNN has had a long hard fall from the 90's. Too many Frito's.", 'How is Diaper Boy still walking free?', 'Nobody takes cnn serious 🤥', 'Because Garland is afraid if he goes near it the truth is going to come out', 'Yet so many support him and believe the big lie!  Based on trumps own words,we all saw this coming. It’s time for these investigations to come to a head.  Do something about this or shut up!  Trump was wrong and more so, so wrong!', 'The basic problem is our constitution is written in a time when really only a small portion of Americans even had the right to vote. Those people were mostly wealthy land owners.', 'Who comes up with this stuff?', "election-lie???...we've-been-trying-to-get-this-audit-done...and-they-have-been-fighting-it-nonstop!...wonder-why???", 'Oh what a lie.  Reminds me of the 2 doors in Labyrinth, one of us always tells the truth and one of us always lies.', 'Hey Mcfly (CNN) There was 100% election fraud!', 'LOCK HIM UP!!!', 'All these headlines mean nothing. Trump has said it out in the open. He admitted to everything. If America had a real justice system his jail cell would have no key at this moment.  Is this the system America wants to sell to the world *a useless justice system?????*', 'Staging a coup statute exists go for it Garland! Treat them under the same law used for 911 attack!', "Why isn't Trump in jail? Or atleast charged whith treason?", "I guess only the poor people and people of color have to follow the law cause when these corrupt people in power do wrong shit, they don't get wat they deserve. Make some of these laws more stright forward when it comes to folk who was put in power.", "What does it say about the integrity of a country if they are willing to let someone so corrupt not go to prison and let them still participate in elections?\nI know it's early but I also doubt any major consequences will arise for Trump or the far-right party (it isn't the GoP as we used to know it).", 'LOCK HIM UP\nLOCK HIM UP\nLOCK HIM UP', 'Toobin should keep his hands exposed at all times', 'These anonymous sources never end', 'You keep saying theres evidence, but it never seems to exist outside of he said she said. Which isnt evidence.', 'Ratioed on every video lol', 'Any stories coming about why we are pushing covid fear so hard yet the borders are wide open? No? Thought not.', 'The most trusted name in news😂', 'Can we just put the orange man in a orange suit already?', 'Join the Republican party, no voting, no education, no medical, no living wage', 'Why is  CNN still talking about thumb , are ratings  down without him ..?????  ..😎  ..', 'DOJ, time to get busy.', 'SUBPEONA ALL who was involved with this including trump .....HOW MUCH MORE EVIDENCE DO YOU NEED ?', 'Jeffrey Tubin are you serious the man whipped it out on zoom and spanked it in front of everyone wtf is he still doing employed you ppl are sick', 'CNN...The United States of America wants to thank you so much!!! Keep on trucking CNN.', '40 years of bias!  Ask Geraldo and Gretta', 'How about treason?', 'Well well well, lookie here!!!🤣', "Still can't prove the voter fraud didn't happen either", 'So much evidence and yet Trump is still walking around free as a bird and still making false claims regarding the election.', 'And the Commie News Network actually believes 81 million people voted for the Potato.', "if election fraud is baseless why did Twitter suspend Arizona's Offical election audits Twitter account don't we all want the same secure fair and open elections? why is CNN so against making sure our election system is safe", 'another hearsay', 'CNN loves trump so much 😂', 'Lol all these comments are bombing on c n n.   Lol keep up the good work hold the line.      Word', 'lmfao', 'Clark should be in prison!!!', 'The big lie is that Obiden won...', 'ROFLMAO! Anything for lost ratings huh CNN?', 'Makes perfect sense.  One half of the country is on fire waiting for the other half to explode.', 'What a joke network.  So sad, used to be respected.  Cover the border trash masters.', 'America will “lawyer” itself out of existence.', 'Will the criminals of Jan 6th pay restitution', "Give it up. Where's hunters laptop?", "The what's the take away from this?  Our government is broken?", "The lie that it wasn't rigged ?", 'Mafia was in charge', 'CNN is awsome for bringing us the truth', 'CNN is now the Enquirer rag magazine...next lizard nurses dog back to health! And no one knew !!!!', "Orange cancer still walking free. It will bite us for not prosecuting him. Our country asleep know and love could've gone in couple of years.", 'Hmm I wonder what they’re trying to get out in front of?', 'errr, there are phone calls that were recorded of DJT calling to GA elected officials ,. ,.. why is any of this shocking? We all saw it happen in front of us', 'Why is this guy not in jail??', 'Right but will there be any consequences? No? Ok.', 'Give up spinning narratives, you are finished.', 'LOCK HIM UP!!!  Clear And Present Danger!', '6 yrs investigating trump and this is what you come up with...there is fraud az ate up with fraud...cnn is a big lie', 'Surprised they kept the comment section open on this one', 'a "drafted resignation letter"?  WTH is that?  So what?', 'Problem with this bs there was no lies about what happened in 2020 election.', 'Election was stolen', 'Funny I learned that the president is in charge of the justice department.  It is part of the executive branch.  Someone didn’t follow direction and got fired.  Yep that how it works.  Now why would he want them to look into election fraud?', 'Talk about some relevant information...', 'OMG!! Trump in prison!!! OMG!!! Trump in prison!!!!', 'Start the indictments and the news cycles will change and all this pablum and Nonsense talk will be sent in the right direction.Every single day headlines are MORE EVIDENCE TRUMP ATTEMPTED A COUP...There are no GOP that know better otherwise they would use that political capital now.', 'Brianna needs another cheeseburger', 'ahahahahha!!! laughable video at best. Yal keep supporting daddy trump :)', 'When will you guys report on Andrew Cuomo though?', 'Democrat just cant stop talking about him.  CNN is just sad there rating plummeted after he was gone so they try and bring him up anytime they can.', 'Talk about Cuomo lol', "Grunwald Grumpf  can't keep getting away withit", 'HELLO...WE KNEW THIS', 'Why is Chris Cuomo still employed by CNN?', 'Going for ratings eh?', 'Just news, nothing never happens', 'CNN you lie so much! How do you (so called) reporters live with yourself.', 'House investigators - what a joke.', 'When is he going to jail?', 'CNN has zero credibility with me!', 'Good to see cnn running cover for Biden’s tragedy by applying the simple logic that everything is trumps fault', 'Who the hell is going to believe cnn?', "Yea right. I don't believe this at all lol", '"Get the news cycle off of my brother!"- Chris Cuomo, this morning at CNN', 'wow the fear that trump would be re-elected is ironic considering he had the best numbers in US history. my vote wont be against some one it will be for some one. keep your propaganda limited every time you say his name the last 5 years just gives more name recognition. the rest is just filler.', 'GOD BLESS TRUMP FOR EXPOSEING THE COMUNIST DEMS', "What is the name of your movie called that y'all are writing about", 'CNN should know by know that no one believes you.', '*"People\'s **_outrage muscle_** can be pushed to failure..."* Ohmigod, that\'s one of the best things I\'ve heard from a news person in so long...!', 'Just believe the opposite anything CNN says', "Watch Mike Lindell's Cyber Symposium  Frankspeech.com   Aug 10, 11,12  find out what really happened Nov 3", 'All this about the New York governor and you post this?', 'Give it a break.', "I'm sorry but there's no way Arizona is a blue state. Things are about to get real interesting.", "Why is he not disqualified from running for any future federal office? That and jail time are the most important questions. Are federal officials hoping that New York State will try him so they don't have to?  Is it because the office of the president  is so sacred that they don't want it tainted any more then it has been with all the disgusting scandals that have been exposed by him being prosecuted? 🤔", 'So someone thought something would happen and nothing happened. What evidence is there of anything? Wtf are we even talking about?', 'Twisted lies. SMH.   🙄  There was obvious violation of election law and it should’ve been investigated thoroughly. And you keep saying false claims of voting fraud, every audit has proven voter fraud which means you’re lying again', "Now they can charge the DOJ\nfor there involvement in Jan 6\ndidn't I say that there all going to end up in prison because of trump and now look what happening , DOJ is DONE", 'The walls are closing in...... again', 'My "Outrage Muscle" just gave out with a *_sprong_* and a scream.', 'What about GOVERNOR CUOMO, who actually committed a crime?', 'More MISS INFORMATION!!!', 'I love cnn trying so hard lol', 'Trump always looks so unintelligent in these thumbnails.  😂', 'Wasn’t a lie', 'Sure CNN 🤣', 'New super secret whistleblower who must not be named.... yawns  🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱', 'If CNNLOL broadcasts the news and no one watches. Did it happen..?', 'Next up the White House theatrical production of.... the grapes of wrath...', 'Put the criminal in jail what are they waiting for if it was a civilian who had done all that it will be in jail a long time ago', 'When does it become a disorder ? this over obsession to discredit Trump .', 'Hey CNN....Are you still talking that?', "Isn't that the guy that touched himself on camera or was watching smut?", "Can we just lock up the tangerine palpatine already? He's probably surprised as heck that they haven't come for him yet.", "A mistake to try to link this affair with now-debunked Russiagate hysteria; the nefariousness of Trump's chicanery in these matters speaks for itself - no need to try to inflate it in a way that plays into the hands of those who (not entirely without cause) will surely seek to brush aside this story on familiar grounds of a continued witch-hunt.", "Holy cow...can't believe they let Toobin back on camera LMAO!!!", 'Not allowed the truth that is,doing a bit of spreading yourselves i here,the smell gives it away wherever you go.', '#lockhimup', "Republicans thought they could steal this election like they stole Election 2000 — but that crap won't ever happen again.", 'Y’all lie about everything', "Sorry CNN you lost credibility long long ago...maybe you should have thought before telling so many lie's", 'Pro-trump bots are commenting', 'Are you going to talk about Trump for the rest of the century?\nAre you not going to cover real news ever?', 'Maybe by the time USA find the evidence to convict the clown, he could be underground 6 feet down', 'Charge these people with sedition or none of this matters and then we are well and truly screwed', 'What about Andrew Cuomo 🤔', 'Treason maybe?', 'Jeffrey Toobin, the master debater.', "DOJ and the FBI are already in Trump's pocket.....\nThe problem with Trump is like the problem with TEFLON.....\nNothing STICKS, lmao every time I hear Trump is going down.....", 'So, let me see if I got this straight. If the all mighty media calls something a lie- without any supporting tangible evidence, I am just supposed to trust your narrative? Those days are over.', 'No credibility.', 'Oh is this CNN Breaking News? lol.', 'Americans seem not be aware how close they come to the end of their country as we know it. This guy was ready to do anything. Even destroying the country. Wow. Wow. Wow...and they keep supporting this guy?? And u guys call us in Europe crazies?', 'I never watching cnn news', 'Lock him up', '"False election claims"', 'Please find something to do', 'please call it a theory or a claim \ni do not know if its true\nbut i do know it has evidence \nlies do not have evidence as they are untrue', 'Couldn’t a federal law or even an excex order state that congress is not allowed to count a slate of voters that were not chosen by the vote of the people of that state? By passing even if states politicians changed the law to allow them to choose who ever they wanted?', 'Can you please let us know how’s the auditions in Arizona 😱😱😱😱', 'Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in battle. Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil; May God rebuke him, we humbly pray; And do thou, O Prince of the Heavenly Host, by the power of God, thrust into hell Satan and all evil spirits who wander through the world for the ruin of souls. Amen', 'Trying to take everyones mind off of the border problem? Give it up CNN!!', 'The moral of the story is: The president of the united states can do whatever the hell s/he wants.', "Ewwh new evidence, what cha goin to do with that, absolutely nothin! Right, just yap about it, that really helps! I forgot it's making you money, continue with your capital endeavors!", "Isn't Treason a Criminal Offense?", 'Trump is still living in their heads...rent free! LOL', 'lol the only way the Chinese News Network can get any ratings and yet further drive that wedge in the American people you people are so sad but hey im here because my cup od lideral tears was running empty glad i got to fill my cup back up thanks CNN', 'What??  Wow!  Another CNN "Bombshell Report!!', 'Trump supporters be like “you’re slapping me with facts CNN, I reject your reality!”', 'If anyone believe Communist News Network, I have a very expensive watch that you might want to buy!', 'What are the real facts?', 'Cnn, I come here to see the thumb down, don’t mind me.', 'Treason', 'They still talk about this guy? How about that border?', 'there was fraud CNN loves to use this because there was no mass fraud but fraud non the less.  CNN pulling at straws', 'I smell bullshyt!', 'Who ducking cares ?! \nWhat’s going on in the world right now ?', 'Lies,lies and more lies', 'Wish the big lier. Would have pushed Mickey mouse hats. All these fools believe the lie. It would be so funny seeing all the big ears.', "no body with a clue voted for biden ! if you work a job, trumps  income tax cut (the first in our country's history) the politics stop right there . biden will crush your future with finance , printing money diluting the dollar and higher taxes", 'Shame on you for reporting false news!!!', 'America is turning into another third world, corrupt country.', 'Never underestimated the Former President Trump. \n\nTic. Tac. Toe. Checkmate!', 'The only thing that seemed to save us from this corrupt man, was his own stupidity.  His desire to maintain power at all cost was there.  He was just to damn dumb to pull it off.  THAT, in and of itself, is very scary, cause the NEXT crook with the same aspirations of power may not be so stupid.  We need to make some serious changes, in the this country.', '😴', 'Wow , how politics still fears this man.', 'Sorry CNN, you have zero credibility anymore. Not that you had much before. I would be embarrassed to claim to be a journalist if working at CNN or MSNBC.', 'Commie news network', 'Now way Trump would ever tell a lie. 👀', 'DONALD TRUMP\nKING OF ALL KINGS\nGREATEST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME\n2024🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸', 'Yet no charges have been filed. Justice is broken in this country.', 'Don’t trust you!', 'Trump video. Click. Watch ad. Profit. Repeat.', 'Another CNN lie!', 'I have no idea why you keep telling lies ! Journalism, is that what you call this? I call B.S. on that.', 'In 2016, Obama allowed massive Russian election interference while in 2020 Trump presided over the most secure election in US history. Go figure.', "CNN talkes like they're scared all the time.", 'TRUMP = GOOD GUY!!!! TRUMP 2024!!!!!', "How do we know there was election fraud in 2020? Because there aren't 80 Million idiots in the United States.", 'But…but…but Hillary \nBut…but….but Hunter', 'Sounds like another "BOMBSHELL "  I bet the " walls are closing in "', 'Sadly, all of this reporting is becoming a playbook for the next subversive and nefarious president. The U,S future is doomed all because of Trump', 'It’s not a lie though.', 'Donald Trump has proven time and time again he’s a clear and present danger any high school student what are you that.', "Tomorrow's News Trump finger print  was on the cookie jar that had the nuclear codes in it.  To be fair his finger print was on it but not the handle.  So he may know the codes he may not.  We'll have that news for you tomorrow ! Back to you Sara", 'Trying to keep up with the dislikes and failing', 'HOW IS CNN STILL TALKING ABOUT TRUMP? Do they have anything else to talk about? They talk more about him then fox does', 'Lmao yeah we will see.. Is you produce still getting bamboozled on tinder and spilling his guts?.', "why cant you guys cover the hunter biden lap top or the issues at the southern border? you know, real news that affects us all, while your at it cover biden for what he's actually doing not what you want people to think he's doin, FFS sake you are supposed to be a news organization", "There is always this unassuming collaborator who is just waiting to do Evil's bidding. In this instance, the guy was Jeffrey Clark.", 'Trump scares the hell out of the Democrats. lol', 'TRUMP!!! Living rent free in your head and under your bed', 'Look at  your ratings CNN! This is how much clout you have with the Americans !  You soon will be out of a job! LOL', 'Lolol.  Any negative news on Joe Biden?   The most votes in history!!  Sleepy!!!!!!', 'CNN...please give it up....ratings are plummeting.', 'Sooooo... hearsay that Trump may have done something bad.... is news!?!?!?', 'Hahaha the trump paid bots are working overtime trying to discredit this news article. Must be true.  Trump is treason and should be charged with it.  What’s the penalty for treason again ?', "So...if I draft a resignation letter to resign but don't send it or resign..because I think my boss might do something...but didn't......its the same as evidence as if I did and there was a conspiracy. That's crazy. CNN get real.", 'Ok!! So when are we going to finally do something about this???', "Hey lookey here, see this evil Trump man focus on him. Lookey lookey lookey. Don't pay attention to the massive immigration crisis, inflation and a poorly recovering economy. Just pay attention to what we tell you.", "Why would I listen to your news on gone by issues but won't report on governor of NY sexual harassment and assault investigation findings", 'KKRK, Ku Klux DeSantis Klan', 'What about Andrew AdrenoCuomo', 'I thought this never could happen in America.  I was wrong', 'Deceivers', "Of course the angry mob that is Trumpty Dumpty's supporters will show up here just to press the 👎 button!", 'Crud News Network....lmfao', 'What evidence?', 'Check out the down votes above!', 'Obsessed much?', 'That is THE BIG LIE!!', 'Here we go again   these people are obsessed with trump', 'Project Veritas!', 'Now do Cuomo.', 'More lies', 'Report about the unvaccinated ppl crossing the border and a laptop from hunter', 'Your ratings have fallen 73% this year. CNNLOL', "*Y'all fulla* 💩 💯", 'Trump supporters not liking this video clip!! 🤣😂', 'Wow the hits just keep on coming with this orange maniac🤔', 'CNN lets not talk about the current regime in DC china joe and camel toe', 'Why so worried if no fraud no problem', '45 was a Monster', 'the more i see cnn the more it reminds me how venezuela went from a good country to a comunis country..........', 'CNN. You have lost all credibility.', 'Make sentences complete again 2024', '💩', 'is that toobin that plays with hisself?', '“ concerned “ emotionalizing y’all into existence cnn do better.', 'Stop talking about him please.', 'More Propaganda from the Democrat Party Media', "Please, don't tell us this stuff. When is he going to go to jail for long time?", 'LOL', 'Does anyone believe cnn anymore. Their desperation to legitimise a clearly stolen election is really sad', 'ANIMAL FARM????', 'Principled Republican is an oxymoron', 'Corrupt news network', 'that like dislike ratio though. CNN blows', 'When are you guys going to actually start telling news?', 'No wonder your ratings are in the tank, \nSpewing more fake news', 'Who funded this coup??', 'Covid lies about the un vaxxed and how vaxxx don’t work . Let’s bring Trump back in the news 🤡🤡🤡🤡', 'Lets pivot the news to Trump instead. We know Biden got 80million votes easy sitting in his basement.', "Ok Jeffrey Clark needs to be arrested.  That's first of all.", 'More lies from CNN, hahahaha.  Election Audit results are right around the corner.  Bye Bye Biden 👋', 'Yet all of this amounts to nothing because there is still no accountability.', 'Creepy News Network', "And they keep saying Trump was impeached when he wasn't they tried to do it twice y'all need to go to something else stop these people crossing the border do something besides wasting time and money trying to do something to Trump our nation was in a lot better shape when he was in", 'If they are anonymous, I don’t believe any of them.', 'No wonder you’ve lost most of your viewers.', 'I am tired of hearing all the wrong doings of trump he be needs to be arrested period', "These wanna be reporters are nothing but puppets.  Professional liars.  I'm completely shocked that their noses aren't growing.", 'I understand why people hate cnn', 'Stop saying ‘falsehoods’ when we all know the intent was to lie!! So dammit, call it what they are: LIES!!!', 'Do you all misss trump ? Im sure you do think of him . have you all read the struggle s. Of his great grand father coming to america. I will never give up .and we the mexicans name this continente America.', 'This is meeting Corner for right wing trolls!!!!!!!!!', "Let's wait till the forensic audits are done before we call it the big lie Trump was  right about lab leaking the virus and on the border so let's wait and see", 'CNN loves them some Trump!😂😂😂. Such hypocrisy!', '"I believe that a paper that consigned its script over a past event to the point to which even women will cackle about it in the parlor should look to a demise in itself, and quite soon." - Mark Twain', 'More Conspiracy theories from the Commie News Network...Nothing to see here as ALWAYS!   🙃', 'I’m sorry but when this lady speaks I just get so desperate because the way she talks makes me crazy I’m sorry', "News.  News forbidden to be mentioned on Trump's propaganda channel.", "Wow CNN...he's been out of office for 7 months.  You'd think you'd have more to talk about...You know, like the sack of offal currently occupying the White House.  You just can't let it go, can you?  You NEED Trump, because he's the only person driving your ratings and giving you legitimacy.  Let it go, and start covering the CURRENT (p)Resident.  And try being as critical of the ACTUAL tyrant we have in office now as you were the last one who you only painted that way.", "1. Note, ALL of my goings on are tightly monitored and recorded so if you want to erase my posts, it's at your own peril.  \nMike Lindell evidence symposium on the internet 10rh, 11th and 12 the.  Audits need routers, machines and paper audit.  NOT just recounted ballots\n5 million bucks to disprove his election fraud evidence.", 'Communist News Network still deflecting 8 months later I see!', 'BUNCH OF LIERS!', '200 servants in Obama birthday...community organizer full us all', 'CNN is manipulating you ALL, wake up!!!', 'FAKE NEWS!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Anyone think that was a normal, legitimate election..?\n👀\n.\n.\n.\n😂😂😂👍🏼😂', 'Lol', 'Accountability now!', 'Oh yea so much evidence. So where are the charges 6 years of evidence where are the charges? Start reporting or giving opinions on something other than the human cheese doodle . If it weren’t for the cheese doodle you would have nothing to talk about . Stop with the nonsense !', 'In your head....rent free😺', "overturn election....wrong.....it's called securing the election....just like each party does every election..politics are palortricks.... americans cant seem to understand that", 'You will only get this lie from mainstream media.. u gotta be a fool to not research yourself and only believe mainstream media..', "And didn't you say he colluded with the Russians.  Ya, you're credible.", 'Lmao crazy cnn', '❄🤡', 'Tump literally gutted government organizations partially because he didn’t want government oversight of his actions.', 'For starters.\n25 CFR § 11.448 - Abuse of office.\nA person acting or purporting to act in an official capacity or taking advantage of such actual or purported capacity commits a misdemeanor if, knowing that his or her conduct is illegal.\n\n18 U.S.C. § 1503 - Obstruction of Justice \nIs an act that corruptly or by threats of force, or by any threatening letter or communication, influences, obstructs or impedes, or endeavors to influence, obstruct or impede, the due administration of justice.', 'CNN way scared Trump has a good chance of coming back in 2024. Clear as day.', 'And if he secretly hardened himself, that pardon should be thrown outby the DOJ AND THE COURTS!!!', 'This is just hearsay and high school drama. "NEW EVIDENCE"', 'Another hearsay propaganda no actual voice evidence just notes that where said to be taken during phone conversation. And notes are what the person thinks is said, not what is actually said.', '"New evidence Trump gave DOJ \'direct instructions\' to back election lie" thereby re-affirming, yet again, that #Jan621 Insurrectionist #DJT is "utterly incompetent" as per the words of both his own Federal Judge elder-sister Maryanne Trump Barry and his own Clinical Psychologist niece Dr. Mary Trump. May #Imp2POTUS45 always hear "You\'re fired" via the unwavering reality of election results that reject him who is the cause of #MourningInAmerica.', 'How many lies has cnn spread about Trump?', 'Well duh. Of course a corrupt Deep State public official would resign rather than do his job. Another baseless claim by the Communist News Network.', 'Guess Toobin was told to make sure he always talks with his hands always visible', 'CNN, talk about Cuomo', 'The more you tell a lie the more it’s believable !', 'LoL More evidence? LoL. LoL', 'CNN 🤮', 'ATTENTION: BREAKING NEWS TRUMP IMPEACHED FOR A 3RD TIME.', 'Desperate for ratings.', 'Its weird. Theres no visible D In the a acronym CNN but desperation is really part of their gameplan.\n\nQuit on the Trump stuff omggg', 'post more trump to get your ratings up I see', '🤣🤣🤣\nDog sheet', 'Really CNN???? I guess subtle is not your game.... how low can you all go? protecting sexual predators, including your own anchor actively covering up evidence of a crime.... and you come up with a Trump non-story.', "That guy is trying to take a page put out of james comeys book, I scrible down notes so i can remember the truths but which truth? Just another day at our curupt system. Now we have forgetful Joe Biden, so when's the 25th amendment going to be enacted?", 'False election claims? More BS form the MSM.', 'CiaNN', 'NEXT 💋', 'Why is STILL NOT IN JAIL!!!', "Isn't an attempted coup an act of treason ?", 'REALLY?  You guys have nothing else to talk about or boost your ratings.....', 'Lies!', 'You ain’t black!', 'Theses are propaganda network. No one believes your network.', 'If you talking about it something positive  is going on', 'You better get ready CNN the truth is about to blow your socks off.', '"Somebody says" is NOT evidence!', 'Liars', 'Nonsense.', 'CNN in 2025 - We got Trump now!', 'Is america a banana republic jail the orange orangutan and try to be a moral democracy', 'What a joke CNN.  Guess ratings are that low.  Who prevented national guard from preventing cities from burning down last year?', 'Trump showed that the revered checks and balances...  are a myth.', 'We have one of the most corrupt skewed systems in the world: campaign financing, gerrymandering, lobbyists influence, military industrial complex, healthcare, tax laws favoring the rich, Court sentencing guidelines, Wall Street, etc etc …..why is Trump still walking the streets ??', 'When will they admit there is evidence of election tampering ????', 'New fake updated drudged stalked framed cnn honest news.😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂', 'Evidence from CNN?', "I thought we'd already came to that conclusion with this, they have audio tapes of him, begging and pleading embarrassing himself 😏", 'Enemies of America', 'New evidence is never evidence at CNN', 'The former president is surprisingly quiet about the reported coup attempt..probably thinking aloud ..so what are you going to do about it? Impeached me again??', '5+ years of “Evidence”  and yet NOTHING🤣.', 'Do you think it’s strategic that Tubin makes a point to show both of his hands when he talks?', 'The evidence is there. Why the delay in convicting and sentencing Trump to a long prison sentence with the minions that helped him with the lie?', "Actions speak louder than words.   This country is in debt because the super rich, don't pay taxes.   Ex-Pres  Bone spurs is one of those 1 percenters who does not pay taxes.    He is not a patriot he does not truly support the country.    Actions truly speak louder than words.  Don't listen to the words, look at what they do.   Actions speak louder than words.   Trump evaded the draft,  because he claimed bone spurs, but still played sports in college.    Outside of the real estate business his dad started, all Trumps business failed.  The Taj Mahal was the most notorious fail, along with an airline, and a so-called university.", 'How may anyone believe this junk news. Loaded with biases. Don’t get on this teeter-totter folks you will be thrown off. They want to divide us! Do not buy the lie.', 'Big LIE? You mean the lie that Basement Biden got 81 mil votes? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'THE DELUSION CONTINUES', 'So messy...and I am here for it! 🍿', 'Fact checked. False information.', 'lol ...hilarious propaganda ...........', "has nothing else happened in the world other than y'all hating trump? Anything?", 'They really did try ,didnt they', 'look they cheated stop saying its a like commies', 'Yea, sure CNN, just like there was Russian collusion.', 'Why do you keep talking about Trump? How about New York, harassment, Hello!?!', "Knock it off CNN. You cant' get over Trump, can you? How about a report on the southern border catastrophe?", 'This is kinda fun watching all of the different conspirators (media included) running around trying to cover all their lies up with yet more lies.  It will turn hilarious when you are all exposed and sent to jail!!!  Jokes on you.  You have been stung big time.', 'They are afraid of Trump so need to keep attacking him with five years of lies', '🤣🤣🤣 That ratio. 🤣🤣🤣', 'Wait. Its on paper. How the hell cannot this be criminal intent. Again, the orange man gets away with something else.', "Its crazy how all of the sudden Trump is so powerful in office and out of office. He making people do stuff and he's not President 🤔 Why they still so focused or want people focused on Trump and not Biden, Biden President talk about him more than Trump. Talk about all the great things Biden is doing since he is in office.", "There's no question about Trump's coup attempt. The question is why are our Federal laws are so lacking that he got so far!", "Hey Erin,  Do you realize you have ZERO credibility? You guys have not been right about anything Trump. You're probably going to find out your wrong about the election results. Have you actually read any of the court filings in Michigan or Georgia? Have you followed Arizona at all? But hey, only 4 thousand dislikes, you must be doing something right!  You're smart, why dont you start telling the truth, you'll feel much better. Bet your ratings would go up!!!", 'NY Governor Cuomo: Killing grannies, slapping fannies', 'This DOJ has the credibility of the last!', "Blah blah blah yada yada yada when y'all going to do some about it all the stuff and crap he's done and he still doing it blah blah blah yada yada yada", "Why can't we just wait for the open cases to finish before farting threw our mouths?", 'You can’t just call it a Lie dumb dumbs. And good. I’m glad he’s doing something about discussing actual lies.'], ['Why not ask him why he spent time Epstein island? We all know exactly what went down there, and that seems like a lot more than just  "a few dinners".', 'The economy hardship, recession, unemployment and loss of job caused by covid pandemic is enough to push people into financial ventures.', "i dont think he was expecting that lmaoo, he crossed his  arms when q'd about Epstein= closing up lmaoooo", "I can't even get through this. The mainstream media is such BS. They all belong to the same political party and ideology.", 'I feel so-ooo-ooo so-ooo-ooo old.   I remember when Bill Gates wrote Dos, the multiplan which became excel. Yikes.', 'Body language:  Gates backs up and crosses his arms the moment he begins speaking about Epstein (1:54).  Might be more there to talk about.', 'Answering a question vaguely for 90 seconds is “opening up?” Lmao y’all are the ultimate garbage', 'At times, CNN turns into the video version of The National Enquirer. This is one of those times.', 'Do you have regrets?\nI regret it becoming public.', 'He’s been working on the response to that question for two years and he still sounds so nervous when they ask him about it. Just shows how guilty he is', "Why are we still pretending that there aren't two sets of justice?", "Something tells me bill's ex wife doesn't believe his version of what happened with him and Epstein either", 'Alan Dershowitz crafted a no-prosecution agreement for Epstein and himself and all others (similar to the Bill Cosby agreement) if Epstein pled guilty to 1 lesser charge.', '“Bill Gates is down bad” - Cody Ko', 'Why this interview is even happening? It’s so fake from every angle: Anderson saying “sorry”, Bill saying “regrets” such a bullshit', 'Damn… the shiftiness…', "Satan incarnate. \n\n* He'd probably take that as a compliment", "bill wasn't himself in this interview , almost like he's gone down a peg or two.", 'Anybody else remember when he claimed these meetings never happened', 'The lack of follow up on that last question was ridiculous.', "'Do you have regrets?'\n'Certainly, Everyone does'\nNAHHH mannn not those kind. Bill fell apart on that last question. What a joke 🙄", '"Definitely a sad milestone..."', 'This insane asylum we live in spins around the sun one more time....', "In 2019 it all made sense to Melinda why Bill was spending nights at Epstein's then coming home smelling of Teen Spirit", 'The good news is that he never stole anything from IBM, or Lotus 1-2-3, or Wordperfect, or Harvard Graphics or Netscape.', "You can literally hear his mouth going dry by the end. Really uncomfortable to watch cause he's lying his ass off.", 'Usually he’s a pretty good liar but I was able to see right through him in this interview', 'A real journalist might ask him what he was doing on the island.....', 'Notice how he tries to excuse his "mistake of meeting with Epstein" by saying there were lots of others in the same situation like he couldn\'t help it.', 'If this was a planned interview, why does he look and sound so surprised, especially by the last 2questions?', 'Bill Gates’ voice is always a surprise. He sounds like a young teenager.', 'Hey Bill, what happened in the meeting Epstein set up and attended with you and the Norwegian head of the Nobel Peace Price? We got the pictures, but not the full story, or is it "what happens on the island stays on the island".', 'I actually feel bad for Bill. He appears to be speaking from heart.', 'Sad and milestone two words I’ve never heard in the same sentence before', 'He’s lying he pretty much lived at Epstein’s estates', 'He was good until that last question. 😂 Just stumbling.', 'This guy is the scariest person in the world. Very, very concerning to let him have so much power over global health', 'Melinda wears her upside down cross necklace in an interview…', "I'm convinced we live in a simulation. Agenda twenty one, right in everybody's face!", "I don't understand how he's interviewing himself?? How can one be in two places at the same time? Wow!!", "What good it is to win the whole world and to lose one's soul,", 'The king of the creeps speaks out...', 'A life with one person is a long time to live with one person', 'WOW SUCH A TOUGH INTERVIEW!  HOW DID HE GET PAST THAT!', "I believe in Yin-Yang principle, a dark mind can be enlightened because there is a purity left inside, but you can't repair and fix the hypocrites.", 'Two of Klaus\'s "Young Global Leaders" leading the way -I feel so comforted.', "Did he not first announce the separation after FOIA requests were made for Dr Frankinfauci's emails?  Sounds  more like last ditch to save as much of his wealth by dividing it.", 'Way to ask the hardball question Anderson!!!\n “You know it’s real because it sounded scripted” - Not Elon Musk', 'Soothes my soul to see Bill this troubled after pain he has brought the world. I know not right to feel this way but I am just being real.', "All this interview tells me is that there's so much to this world that the public do not know about, he should have a full hour long conversation with a reporter asking some of the public's most desired questions. That is if he is being honest, if he doesn't comply then the truth is out there.", 'Gates is an absolute serpent', "Bill struggles to keep it cool when the Epstein question is brought up, even tho Anderson's is very careful not to offend when asking.", '“Very sad milestone “ 😂😂 that’s why she divorced you Bill', 'Bill can fondly remember when people used to try and hit him in the face with pies now.  The times have changed.', "Of course he'll let Vanderbilt boy come throw him softballs and never ask a single critical question haha.", 'He started to malfunction like some AI towards the end lmao', 'They are such a nice couple. Made for each other. It is difficult to imagine them ever being apart. They evoke the purest sentiment _motherhood and apple pie._\n   \nThem splitting apart cannot be true. Is CNN a hitherto trusted information source and Anderson Cooper the very epitome of propriety now given to reporting _fake_ news?', 'Fluffy answers throughout &  dodges the last question 💤 💤', 'Wow he had some credibility before this interview. Now? Most possibly gone out the window.', "I'd like to know where these rich buggers get their morality.", 'Bill loves his females very young', '2:50 - "Do you have  regrets?" -Gates- "Well certainly I, I think everyone does." - In less than 3 minutes he deflects both the affair and the Epstein affiliation.  This guy just cannot take accountability/responsibility for being a rotten human being.  Yet he keeps wanting to dictate to others how to live their lives.  He may have a ton of money, but he\'s the village idiot in my opinion.', 'The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the LORD, and against his anointed, saying,3 Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us. 4 He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the LORD shall have them in derision', 'Notice how he made himself look like the victim.', 'Pure Truth from this network and this man, always. Never suspect otherwise.', 'Lol this is why people dont trust Cnn. Weak questions, no follow up.', 'Cooper really asked him about Epstein on tv? That\'s miraculous😂that\'s one of the "tough" queries to ask', 'CNN loves helping the image of the Elites.', 'Way to go, Andersen! You pitched ball right to him.', 'How come I never hear Melinda Gates saying nice things about Bill? I think we all know who the cold one is.', 'His wife was willing to put up with his side chick. Has a house that she never would have to see him. What on earth did she find out from Epstein…? 😳😱', 'Respiratory rate increased when Jeffrey Epstein was mentioned…', 'Everything you need to know about their relationship. In my unnecessary and totally observational opinion: Milestone and partnership. = business talk. Is this guy capable of having a relationship without a business filter?', "It's all coming out now, even the prince andrew allegations", 'The court docs said Melinda perused divorce after finding out about EPSTIEN and bills relationship', 'Pair of Charlie Chesters right there….', 'I feel bad for the kids  ( not the ones him and Melinda might have, if any.)', 'The name Epstein make him uncomfortable,He needed to adjust his seat 🪑', "lol. This is actually insane. So let me guess PR move that will never have any positive outcomes right? Like come one man. Nobody believes Bill. He's sus", 'There are kids missing in this man’s neighborhood. I guarantee it.', 'Summation:  "I\'m a weasel who cheated on my wife because I could, and if I wasn\'t a billionaire I wouldn\'t get the time of day from a woman.  I squeezed every last drop out of my employees while cheating them out of benefits, and use illegal methods to suppress competition, but because I\'m rich I\'m unaccountable, and politicians will whore themselves for my donations', "Wikipedia article : Little Saint James, U.S. Virgin Islands (Epstein's island).\nInteresting to read.", 'He deserves an Oscar', "Looks like he's holding back a laugh", 'It takes whole life to build reputation and kapoot in a flickr', "I Wonder, if Michael Jordan's contract was worth more, than Phil Jackson's at the time of Michael Jordan's Drafting????", "Its odd... you look into the face of Evil. You expect to see it... or some sign of it, but the shocking thing is you see nothing. What you see is a absence... he's not there.", 'Bill opens up about Epstein? Yeah, sure 😂', 'So they just gone skip that Bru said he was at the island', 'Two peas in the same globalist pod. I wonder if they spooned afterwards', 'Melinda left because he was too micro and too soft.', 'See his heavy breathing during the Epstein question? lol', "Wow how did he get through such a hard hitting interview only question of real importance not asked was his favorite flavor of Ice cream definitely can't trust any of the operation mockingbird media", 'CNN   77 % 📣 of your 🐑 have woken up  this year !  😂😂', "I think this man lies it's coming to the end finally", "Just remember what Biden said to Obama! \nOur Secret out!\nEveryone now knows I'm from Uranus!", 'Epstein is the least of his worries. That is a total deflection of the evil this man is.', 'How many children did Billy Boy rescue off the island when he was there.', 'For God’s sake, re the women at Microsoft he dated, he was enamored by them. He is a human being . Doesn’t have a right to be impressed/enamored by another beauty with brains? He’s HUMAN, for Godssake!!!! \n\nHopefully he did not do anything with underage girls at the Epstein mansion in the US Virgin Islands', "Was it J P Sears who said James Corbett's documentary on Bill Gates was the scariest horror film ever made?", 'damn Anderson really went in on this one haha', 'Wow, just look at that body language.', 'He’s just full of it 😅', 'Remember Gates got a pie in the face.  Boy that was funny!', "He's just one more creep in a world full of creeps.  Good for Melinda for divorcing him.", 'It must not be easy living with evil and a genocide..', "Never forget his family's envolvement in Planned Parenthood.", '😭that must be hard on you mr gates\n\nBtw Anderson you looking good 🥰', "Who cares about his divorce... this is not news.  I'm sure they were unhappy before they ever filed for divorce.  That's life.", 'hey Bill kinda strange how u hit that speed bump, kinda hard to make em happy let alone keep em happy. I can only imajine the wolves at ur door, wish you all the best Big Guy counting on U , no rebounds, lol who needs the extra baggage? lol', 'Why go to Epstein? Just why not to any other rich person? Like he met with Epstein a few times….like how did you not see the children in his house?!?', 'Stop lying! People only call it a "mistake" if being caught! They still have perverted meetings with their wealthy friends behind closed doors.', '"Do not tell Kate about the intimate images because she will sue or kill herself or she planned them for attention,"\n\nIS DEFAMATION.', "Let me enlighten you on how difficult the communication within the family, because you don't want to hurt the feelings of your son, daughter, wife, husband, parents, siblings and any relatives. So I can relate how difficult it is for the Royal family to communicate their feelings directly with Harry because Harry might misunderstood the message and leak it to the media. The same thing with Bill and Melinda Gates, but Melinda's lawyer will be taking over to protect Melinda's rights as a wife and her alimony.", "you guys are all i. a cult bro i've known for a long time n evryone else is waking up i absolutely can't wait until the right amount of people wake up n we come for your heads", 'Now talk about him staying with Epstein even after he was accused and charged. It’s no surprise that Anderson’s ratings are in the toilet just like the rest of CNN', 'The face of evil ladies and gentlemens!', "He sounds  humble though & that's the thing I love about him.", 'Epic comedy!!! Thank you Comedy News Network!!!', 'Wow, that was a train wreck', 'PR spotted " They may impact the foundation" Ok so now atleast we know why he\'s doing this interview.', 'Lock the thug up. Do not take the damn jab. NO to green passes.', 'Ask him about his relationship with satan', 'Why does a billionaire need money from a millionaire?', 'CNN you invite this boy lover on your show give him a platform your company truly has no shame but then again you are protecting the governor and his brother', "Ebstine had pictures of 13 years girls sitting on his face and another one bobbing on his knob that's why Ebstine is dead", 'Noanhattan without knowing there was something of this magnitude going on', 'All of these freaks were involved .They deflect all the time..Pure evil', 'Really? \nCooper I am sure his family will be just fine.\nYou should focus your energy on your mud mate.', 'He is such an evil person. Epstein relationship is just part of it. Please look up Vananda Shiva', 'Why hasn’t CNN interviewed the other Bill who was best friends with Epstein? Oh yeah that’s right because the Clintons are off limits 🤣', 'Damaging body language, Bill.', 'CNN...... what ever happened to “Bug Pharma Bad”?    Lol... so much “journalism”', 'The lapdog press gives their overlords a stage to lie their way out of being  exposed for what they are ....', 'This vaccine thing has doubled his fortune.', 'stop drinking the childs blood thining you can live forever', "I'm sorry but what the hell was that? A lot of placating, when he didn't answer any of those questions! Come on Anderson you're a better journalist than that", "notice everytime hes asked a question he can't stop fidgeting in his chair", 'What ever happened to that Pam Brown? She had that nice "Has a gay best friend" glow.', "Being friends with someone doesn't define who you are. I had a Communist friend in university, but I do not believe in communism. I had a friend who committed a murder, but that doesn't make me a murderer.", "He's guilty 😔", "Money in my pocket but I just can't get noooooo loooooove", 'How a man as intelligent as Bill Gates can support financially and vote for a Democrat candidate is incomprehensible.', 'Do you regret your affair Bill? Well, certainly, I think everyone does. No, Bill, I do not regret your affair Bill.', "Bills a liar. This doesn't pass the sbiff test.", "The big question should be, why does basically one single person hold so much wealth and power who obviously shows such poor morals in behaviour? What's wrong with our society?", 'The conspiracy theory of a “delta variant” needs to have the brakes pumped... there is no test for it so... I guess it’s all make-believe. People are morons... they believe whatever the mo..ck-ingbird m,,edia brews up.', 'He sounds very cold.', 'Hmmm and we know he was there multiple times.... Sounds like a liar!', 'Make no mistake, it was prepped and scripted with exact word choices for a reason', 'What did you do on the island bill?', "Tell him we're coming for him. We don't want him opening his dirty mouth again.  All the elderly that can still move will be a force he never saw coming.  A day of justice.", 'It’s sad to see the divorce but both Melinda and Bezos’s ex will carry on the tradition of throwing money at the poverty they helped create. This while completely ignoring the hurting middle class from whom they made their money. This is their plan. Empower the impoverished to ensure the middle class never again competes with the wealthy.', 'Amazing how this doesn’t have a million views', 'I hope Melinda tells us what happened on Epsteins island', 'What a great guy 💩', 'dear god , what about the un at the canadian border', 'was hoping it would go this way-   sexually confused journalist asks one of worlds richest men " did children have anything to do with all this?"  richest man says "kids? what Kids? there were no kids- i swear on a stack of software, no kids!! "', "Can't blame him for the infidelity. Wife seems cold!", 'Very surprised CNN would let him ask the Epstein question.', 'And this immoral man is one of the most powerful men on our planet, just think about that for a moment.', 'And they still call us conspiracy theorist!', 'Anderson Cooper is a Vanderbilt. Look it up.', 'Trying to save his own ass', 'The foundation should be investigated and closed down', 'Just imagine believe this guy', 'Only an interview with Epstein ?? Sounds like he was being supplied girls just like Prince Andrew and Bill Gates.', 'Your publicist and think tanks did ok with this one. I mean,, the way you guys lead with the divorce and dived into the Epstein accusations was brilliant., but we ain’t buying it', 'Bill looks a bit broken. I can say there is life after divorce. I think he loves Melinda. People make mistakes. Time heals stuff. Work helps. I wish them both strength and better days ahead.', 'Does this mean screen actor Kevin Kline can finally get back to showbiz?', 'Your wife left you and took a nice chunk of your money. She’s gonna take it to a younger dudes house lol. A man who isn’t changing from the Covid vaccine lol.', 'lol anderson apologised to him at the end. like "sorry, but if we dont report on this, cnn will lose any remaining credibility"', 'It’s no one’s business but he still asks the question 😂🤣', 'Bill "The Genocider" Gates', 'Thought you were meeting with hin because he was going to help you get the nobel peace prize..he had connections. Bills been a crook his whole life. Catching lucky breaks throughout.', "I love your show, but I can't agree with this one!", 'Please oh please! this is nothing compared to his direct and indirect involvement with over 500,000 deaths.  No pity for him.', 'gates and epstien same same', "Funny how people esp in these comments take Bill's personal life Personal. 😅", 'Man even tried this with a. Big bowl of popcorn but having trouble. Swallowing this side show', 'Nowing there was something of this magnitude going on', 'Damage control...LOL....Both evil dudes lying to your face', "Oh what a predictable response. 'I made a mistake - a big one I regret it...'  is what he should have said. End of.", '1:30 "... *A* minor..." Those were *HUNDREDS* of minor girls, Anderson CIA Cooper!!', 'There was no need for this conversation. Shows how cheap cnn can be.', 'Anderson close so close and Gates nearly speechless and muttering.', "He needs to go to jail. He's evil", "We don't buy this smoke screen!!!", "Anderson Cooper seems like he's is in great pain to actually do journalism. I'm sorry doing your job is so hard.", "Zero F's given.", 'the interviewer looks too much like Max Headroom', 'A affair 20 years ago? What a crock!', 'Gates is guilty guilty guilty you can see it on his smug goofy face.', 'The memoirs of Bill.\nExit stage right.', "He's sorry that he got caught. Creepy fella.", 'Plottwist.... Anderson Cooper also knew Epstein', 'Remember when he said he was giving half of his money away to poor countries and then he doubled his money? Those were good times!', 'MANlinda wonderful "person"', 'I had to divorce the mother of my miracle baby proven by Medical Science to. But she is a Catholic person and we all know what kinds of problems those people cause right everyone?', '"I had several dinners with him and was hoping after he would bring out the children I mean young girls, I mean wait no philanthropy yes that is all we talked about nothing to see here" - good ole bill gates', 'Bill Gates WAS my hero. I don’t have heroes anymore.', 'Hmmm. Gates started out by stealing the GUI code from Xerox and "creating" windows. His predatory and deceptive nature was apparent decades ago.', 'YouTube has definitely deleted some of  the dislikes.  Actually most.', 'Birds of a feather flock together🙄', 'I hope Bill and Melinda, two most selfless and kind people, keeps working together at the foundation for the betterment of the society. We all have done some silly things in the past which we are not proud of. I wish them both Peace and Happiness going forward.', 'GUILTY AS WE ALL KNOW', 'Wow how uncomfortable, you can feel it through the screen', 'At least he asked him about Epstein at all', 'Dear friend, genuine repentance and recitation of those words will protect you from calamities:\n\n"F a l u n D a f a is Good" and "Truth, Compassion, Forbearance is Good".\n\nF a l u n D a f a is a spiritual self cultivation practice that is based on the principles of the Universe:\n\n真 Truthfulness\n善 Compassion\n忍 Forbearance\n\nIt involves gentle exercises and meditation. Thanks to F a l u n D a f a, \nmillions of people regain health, peace of mind and obtain spiritual \nfulfilment. Since the year 1999 this peaceful practice has been brutally\npersecuted by the CCP in China.', "All the good this man does around the world no one talks about it! But him getting his rifle clean it's a problem!", 'Bill Gates opens up= Be ill /G\\ ate soap 👁️ in suds up //// mom forced me down a family size bar of Blue Flys Zestfully clean what can I say I lied !!!?', 'Chatting with my Taxi driver while in Romania on business, he tells me in a strong Romanian accent; "the Civid is all fabricated; Bill Gates and Donald Trump are the ones who fabricated it". I asked about Biden, he said; " he\'s like grandpa, old! He\'s a marionette, others are controlling everything". Said his favorite president was Bush.\nIt\'s always interesting to hear how other countries view the US.', 'A BILLIONAIRE PLAYING CLEANUP FOR ANOTHER BILLIONAIRE, HOW STUPID DO THEY THINK WE ARE?', 'Anderson Cooper handled the interview very well. At the present the public details indicate this is a personal family matter that should not be turned into a media sensation.', "notice everytime hes asked a question he can't stop fidgeting in his chair", 'A body language expert needs to review this video when he talks about Epstein.  🤡', 'HAHA! WOW thats some "mistake".... pull the other one billy :)', "Misinformation at its finest! You reap what you sow! It's only just begun....", 'I feel that Gates is crying inside😔', 'Billions for Philanthropy for Global Health….what an intro.  Who would have guessed Epstein was a charitable guy.\nHow did Gates know the philanthropy for global health wasn’t going to work?    Gates is just being a wordsmith with this interview.', 'How many Billions will the continuing foundation receive in recovery monies? What is the total so far?', "Come on don't make him feel like he's a criminal ... All men are attracted to women it's natural", '“What happens in anybody’s marriage is nobody’s business… but….. “ 🤷\u200d♀️😂', 'Was Gates really secretly married to Jeffrey?', 'all the other rich billionaires are "alpha males"', 'I need to go forward......eeer...with my work.....err. This guy is guilty as F....Total BS', 'Man what is going on with gates and Bezos paying billions just to get out of marriage.? It’s cheaper to keep her I guess😎', "IT APPEARS HE WAS BLACKMAILED BY EPSTEIN. SEEMS TO BE CAUGHT OFFGAURD. HE INITIALLY STATED HE DIDN'T HAVE ANY MEETINGS WITH HIM, NOW HE HAD SEVERAL DINNERS.\n\nSMH!!!!", 'That was agonizing.  Why would he agree to do this?', "Why is Gates still given a platform?  He's not a doctor.", 'Of course if he hadnt been his software in another women he had a nice life', 'Ask REAL QUESTIONS!', "It's too late. He cancelled himself. I wouldn't take a vaccine from Bill Cosby's friends so why should I take one from a man who was on the Lolita Express? I'm. I'm Christian.", 'soooo… she’s hoping he saved face and that this forced interview somehow saves the credibility of the foundation… She’s hoping this serves as damage control? Like cmon we all know now that its a no brainer that a famous predator would only surround himself with men who wanted the same thing as him. Everything about these multi billionaires is so shifty, they are also giving away their money all of the sudden… the guilt they carry must be enormous because it just seems they are trying to make up for something horrible they have done.', 'Fredo gave him advice', 'You know, after this interview ……\nI really think Gates is innocent…….😂😂😂👍', 'Bill no longer allowed in the group, why the uncomfortable questions now?', 'I bet he wishes he could CTRL-ALT-DEL that interview.', "He's guilty AF", "Hey CNN, I see you have ZERO coverage of the police officer shot and killed in Chicago during a traffic stop with her partner in critical condition. Why is that? That's 30 officers shot at this year alone in that city alone? Let me guess, their lives don't matter? It doesn't fit in to your coverage, does it. Why is that?", 'could have asked him a few harder and pointed questions.  way too soft of an interview.', 'notice how he always crosses his arms that is a sign of defense and guilt,research the studies of BODY LANGUAGE,the man is pure evil', 'Damage control', "i bet he wouldn't say that about jeff if he was alive", 'The scary part is what she will do with all of that dough....', 'What a sleeze. No wonder the left loves him', 'Good interview! 10/10', 'Was he sent to bring you down. People like him only want 1 thing destruction and blackmail.\nThe wild side of life.\nDestroy your foundation.\nKeep your friends close and your enemies closer. Xx', '“The Pharisees and the scribes have received the keys of knowledge and hidden them.  They did not go within, and those who wanted to go there were prevented by them.  As for you, be alert as the serpent and as simple as the dove.” - Yeshua', 'Creepy man asking other creeps for hookups.', '"How are you feeling?" -somehow I\'m getting by by filling up my bathtub with money and taking a money bath.  Then I might go on a 4 week yacht trip...', 'That last answer says everything', 'Well, that was awkward..', 'Evil support evil', "he can't keep himself from smirking", 'Cnn sure loves billionaires.\nI wonder why', 'Bill paid for that interview', 'He should be in jail.', 'Anderson is being too soft with bill… he couldn’t ask him, what are you doing in the island…. We all know what happen there, so they end up divorce.. karma is coming…', 'stop drinking the childs blood thining you can live forever', 'stop drinking the childs blood thining you can live forever', 'stop drinking the childs blood thining you can live forever', 'stop drinking the childs blood thining you can live forever', "Bill's smirking,  such a guilty little devil.", 'Anderson asks about sexual assault allegations and then apologized to Bill when he said he just needs to reflect. Wow wtf happened to me too Anderson?', 'Powerful men, sigh.', 'People must not talk about his personal life.', 'LMFAO.\nCNN, please no.', 'Most fake scripted interview i,w ever seen.!\nWhat a liar..!', 'Think of all the people you have a connection or friendship with if they rob a bank did  you rob a bank? Media and social media makes you guilty of everything everybody you ever met did.', '"Just One More Thing..."  ...', 'Liberals watching this like:  "this is a conspiracy theory"', "God Bless M.Gates...i really believe he's an amazing man...", 'The conversations with Epstein would have been about things that would make satan blush, no kidding', 'He could ask the real question: "Why do nerds have to become superrich before women will date them?"', 'Omitting information, cherry picking data. Typical CNN', '"uhh...ohh...ahhh. ahhh i made mistake "', 'Verily verily I say unto you he that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold but climeth up some other way the same is a thief and a robber', 'Bill looking and sounding like a weasel in this interview!!!!', "Ellen DeGeneres has really let herself go... hey, wouldn't it be AMAZING if Bill Gates came out as transgender, like Bruce Genner did, after this", 'Sure Bill. 👍', "Michael Smerconish,\n\nI don't believe my story should be forgot.", 'He looks like the smoked meats guys dad', 'I saw vids were he is rocking back faward', 'Crooks', 'A noble sentiment, petty action', "Tight lips and a ton of shoulder shrugs ... Bill doesn't believe in what he is saying, neither does anyone else, LOL", 'That was a fast divorce process.', 'Leave this man alone. This guy created a company that changed the world and donated most of his wealth to fighting poverty and disease and he is treated as an evil man. This man is a gift who saved many lives.Just because someone made money does not make them evil.', 'What a creep', "I wonder if Bill's people called CNN or CNN called Bill's people", 'Where can we get copies of his divorce records?', 'Anderson and Bill…repent.', 'His wife was concerned about it but the public mehhh', 'BILL PLAYING GAMES \nITS A DISTRACTION', 'Figures he made xbox to give those girls something to do on that island until the sun went down', 'Dr. Bill Gates.... .the poster boy for creeeepy..... he must feel right at home on this station....', 'So when u big enough… like ur the richest man in the world or some bs prince… u just get away from anything 💩', 'Imagine asking Bill Gates these questions', "Money can't buy happiness.", 'Soft ass questions smh 😤', "Other media reporting he regrets cheating on his x wife....really?  all the money in the world can't make someone honorable", "Where's the pandemic part?", 'Do you think Gates has it all figured out?', 'There coming to get him 🤔', 'Profoundly evil man', 'No body cares about your personal live Bill why bring it up,must be some nasty stuff coming.', 'Just lost every ounce of respect I had for Anderson Cooper! Liked him for decades. Why did you go easy on him? because he is RICH? You should question him just as you would question another human. Regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, race, religion, WEALTH, PUBLIC PROFILE, etc etc etc etc POOR SHOW! POOR JOURNALISM! DISGRACE TO THE FIELD!', "😂😂😂 dahm Bill gates but it's good that the women has left him cause his   from devil 😈", 'What a sicko liar. He just wants to gain the trust of the people, because he has lost everything. YOU GOT PLAYED GATES!!!!!', 'Good job Bill.', 'Chris Cuomo fired', 'sad what his employees put up with', 'What were you doing on that island, boy?', "Well he is a free man. He doesn't have to give Melinda any more money. She is on her own. Pay her own taxes incurred.", 'Gates is a classy man', 'Why does Bill look like he’s constipated', 'Trump and his wife had a way more intimate relationship with Epstein', 'Nosomething of this magnitude going on', 'Why do the rich have the chance to “reflect” on the misery they’ve caused to the victims. Whereas the victims left to dry and endure the misery that was unfortunately handed to them by these powerful people.', 'Mysophobia - fear of contamination is one of the most prevalent types of the obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). "Moral mysophobia" is a ritual of cleanliness and avoidant behavior due to unpleasant obsessive thoughts. The presence of "moral" component in this subtype of contamination fear is supposed to cause high level of treatment resistance. The study included 16 patients with "moral mysophobia". The psychopathological structure of the phenomenon was described. Delusional symptoms and mental automatisms were found to contribute to its development. The analysis of schizophrenia course suggested that the development of "moral mysophobia" in schizophrenia was based on prominent negative symptoms.\r\n\r\nSimilar articles', 'Look at these Satanic Demons !\nSo sickening!', 'What contacts would Epstein have that gates does not LAUGHING MY BALL SACK OFF', 'He looks sad,  it is noticeable.', "I still have windows 98, it's paid off and mine", 'I am suffering.\n\nEvery day matters.\n\nWe have freedom of Association.\nWe do not have freedom to slander.', 'Wow you can tell Bill is lying. Wow!', 'Look into this man’s sad eyes, much more to the story, but really none of our business. Now this has really diminished the His appeal to me. Pathetic!!!', "He's a freak. 😜", 'This dude is pure evil!!!', '‘Never saw this guy’ or ‘Never talked to him’ is the response many expected. What a strange world we live in right now.', 'Softball interview.', 'It’s sad that the people at the TOP are INSANE', "How you make a mistake meeting with a pedifile with all the money you have you could have found your own resources.\nYour deflecting saying ummmmm......don't you vet people before you meet them why didn't you do any background checks.", "Where's the full interview?", 'Is it me alone feeling like this exchange had somewhat blocked tears into it?', 'I only clicked to say nobody cares about his divorce. It happens quite frequently.', 'holy sh*t, this is a tough interview', 'He’s lost all credibility we all know what he was really doing hanging out with Epstein the truth will come out soon you can’t hide behind your billions forever !', 'When did he meet him? Before or after this conviction??', 'I am only interested with the comments, because I want to compare the news propaganda vs. troll propaganda.', 'This is inception levels of fake news ,what is happening?', "Sad, but he's rich", 'A good jurnalist would have asked what he was doing in Epstein island.\nBut he would probably answer that he was teaching kids how to play LEGO trying to build a better world.', 'Billie boi added “Where is my buddy Epstein just when I need more Lolitas? Oh right, he had to be silenced”', 'Such an innocent philanthropist he is. Not.', 'THEY ARE GOING TO GET BACK TOGETHER. BUT WE ALL CAN LEARN FROM THIS', 'Wonder what they had for dinner.', 'Being in the Computer Industry for over 25 Years I owe a lot to Microsoft, but Bill Gates is not a nice guy. How is he doing? Do is crazy Rich I think he will be OK..', 'Why does he look like Colbert more and more', 'This man is truly evil.', 'Yes, Bill, you have made many "Huge Mistakes."\n\nIf you try to become Cobra Commander make sure you don\'t fall short of that mark. Now you get to discuss at length and in detail with us all regarding your "mistakes."\n\nP.S Do you consider smirking on the couch a mistake? Did you botch up the entire roll out with that mistake? What did it cost you?', "I'm still angry about Windows Vista turning my brand new $3000 HP into a nightmare . Give me some money Bill.", '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'is every place now a "hostile work environment" --- i mean what does that mean, really?  I have many friends that worked Microsoft -- including my college roomate.  They never complained.  I have a cousin there, and I interviewed there too once, really really wanting to work there myself.  They employ like over 100,000 people -- you can\'t say "microsoft is a hostile environment".', "Some people with money think their guano don't drip or stink.", 'He should explain not wife rumors about virus he created with china just talk we don’t if it’s true I believe media is in dirty game too', 'It took you guys so long to interview Bill Gates about  Jeffrey Epstein .\n I wonder what worldly topics they were both discussing in  these dinners and long trips on private  jets 🧐', 'Tell us what you did in the Epstein Island . Did you have fun?', '36.expanding universe (by Habl):(surah51,verse47) Allah is expanding this universe with pace from starting of this universe.', 'MR. ROGERS, the billionaire version 3.0\nHe knows\nHe went\nHe Partied \nHe got caught👈\nHe got divorce\nHe acts innocent \nYep another billionaire ...no problemo', 'Biggest conman in the last few decades.', 'Being from the uk i dont watch cnn but I have to say your computer generated news reader is not very convincing they need to change his facial expressions a few times so he looks more life like', 'Nông nghiệp là vấn đề ưu tiên hàng đầu hiện nay. Very important for all', 'WOW that ended so awkwardly....', 'Cancel Bill Gates already!!', 'foundation you found corruption .', '3 quick questions related to the importance of political connections. \n1. Who is the largest owner of farmland in America? \n2. From an economic standpoint, who would benefit most from a massive influx of uneducated immigrants?\n3. Do connections matter?', 'Just stop with this man already. Everybody sees he’s disgusting. Stop deleting dislikes and comments and STOP giving him airtime 🤮', 'Thank you sir Microsoft owner', 'Uuuuhhh we had several dinners uuuhh huge mistake uhhh others in situation too uuuhh huge mistake uuuhhh', 'Lol flesh servants that has no respect for human life justice for creatures in that flesh on the way…. Just death is so little to the monsters of creation of humans suffering…', "jeffrey's best friend was you  so he could do what he did", 'What was that... a press release \nStop shillinng cnn and start being journalist for god  sake', "What's odd to me is that why is bill gates who is still one of the richest people in the world trying to find money? Wouldn't your time be better spent trying to solve problems vs trying to raise money? I would understand a normal organization but the bill and Melinda gates foundation have so much money that they don't even spend enough to make a dent in the account.", 'Sun Valley Genesis', 'The CLOWN NEWS NETWORK, i see that they manipulated the like to dislike ratio. I already saw the real  HIGH dislike on this from another channel that recorded it.', 'God is everywhere  .', 'A wise man once said,..........."Are you poor pissed off because your poor,......or poor because your pissed off?"\n\nCeskoslovenska.', 'This, my friends, is what a guilty person sounds like. Why CNN is giving him a chance to peddle lies to whitewash his image, I have no idea.  CNN, where is your morality?  Anderson Cooper, where is your journalistic integrity?', 'Wonder if Epstein and his controllers have any blackmail on Bill from those encounters 🤔 You wonder what could be so wrong to suddenly end a marriage of such stature and influence. What did Melinda find out?', 'Liar. What about the money he donated on his behalf to MIT & Harvard? Gates is a bad human.', 'This was not an intereview... "ummm.. uhhhh... yeah.. uhhh.. ummm"   Come on Anderson.. you pulled punches and kissed his feet even..', '😂😅😂two lying clown to stay polite', 'Thanks CNN👁❤👍', "Cnn can't even get close to the views Crowder gets. He has half the subs and this is while being throttled and banned multiple times.", 'Maybe bill now understand money cant buy happyness.', "Hey Bill! I don't believe you!", 'Wait bill gates is divorced!?!?!? Well that solidifies my choice about marriage.', 'Crazy how you can buy your way out of the most horrible things right bill?', 'these captions are unreadable', 'anderson a simp bro', 'Steve Jobs never liked this clown.', 'Super nice guy, keep ur head up', 'Hitler would be proud of cooper', 'Rich and powerful people often have affairs.', 'Bill Gates is as popular as a mean fart in a crowded elevator.', 'Best Wishes ...', 'He looked very uncomfortable when asked about Jeffrey Epstein 🤔', "Epstein's\xa0arrest and\xa0Acosta's\xa0resignation\xa0—\xa0Jeffrey\xa0Epstein\xa0case[edit]. In 2008, U.S. attorney\xa0Acosta\xa0approved a federal non-prosecution...\xa0Nov 12, 2020 — The case was overseen by Alexander Acosta, a former U.S. attorney in Florida who later served as President Trump's labor secretary.", 'Killer 🤣', 'Typical day in his life: get up and check on microchips injected in Americans’ blood stream, quick lunch before meeting Soros to shoot space lasers at California forests, dinner and then give awkward CNN interview with Cooper asking him about how he is doing after his divorce and how he feels about accusations by six women of creating an uncomfortable work environment. Did anyone notice the horns on his head? Evil genius...', 'Birds of a feather \U0001fab6', "Well then... nothing to notice here in Billy boy's body language.", 'Nuts 😳', 'Lmao bill gates ? No people just band wagoning now', 'Where’s is the creepy hand movements at huh!', 'We he didn\'t "open up" at all. These were standard talking points, nothing more. Cooper didn\'t even ask if he ever saw Epstein with young girls or knew about that prior to meeting him for donations - basic questions.', 'U will pay for it all Lucy loving billy goat , your soul is BLK', "There's just a few more things that Bill needs to get off his chest, he's hoping this video will keep that from happening.", "Do you regret Windows '95?", 'Man .......\nBill G is a great human being.......\nThis man is a walking philanthropist....\nDudes always get the short end...\nInterview Melinda...\nWhat’s she up to....\nToday’s media is straight cringe......\nKeep your head up Mr. Gates\nRespect', 'Looks staged to me. Are they slowly but surely releasing the truth???🙏🙏🙏', 'Is he a doctor yet?', 'Who has leverage over Bill gates?', '403 marriage not found', 'Anderson looks like Max Headroom', '😂these people evil', '"How are you doing?"\n\n"Woe is me.  All I have now is billions of dollars to console my self induced sadness."', 'I wonder how was that  "dinner" with Epstein ...', 'Hes gonna divorce her for a potatoe!', 'your private disile airplanes have been tagged !!!', 'your private disile airplanes have been tagged !!!', 'your private disile airplanes have been tagged !!!', 'This man is a creep.', 'your private disile airplanes have been tagged !!!', 'your private disile airplanes have been tagged !!!', '32.Black hole prediction:(surah56,verse75);(surah 81,verse 15)Black hole area are some very small places of universe where attraction power is highest for everything.lf star or other things move to this area those thing will not be visible anymore.Thus this is the setting area for everything including star.', 'Noticed the dislikes disappeared from the other day... people don\'t like you covering up for pedophiles. Everyone hates your "news" network. Youtubers are more credible', "Milestone. That 'word' being used, alone says a lot about the marriage.", 'Go to 1:29 for Jeffrey Epstein', "This is what they call 'limited hangout.' As made famous in the Nixon tapes. Admit to stealing a candy bar so they won't check and find the stolen car.", 'Waow!!! So many negative comments after all this effort. Please stop these interviews. It’s not helping...at all !!!', 'Anderson: Do you regret your extra marital affair with your employee?\nBill: 0_o', 'The Antichrist!', 'Cry 😭😭😭😭', 'Reporter: "your wife left you does it have something to do with jeffery epstein? we also know you had an affair with a staff member 20 years ago"\n\nalso Reporter: "Just on a personal level I\'m sorry for what you are going through"', "gates looks like dr. sinister from the flintstones I truly don't trust him!", 'Read transcript back:"Everyone does,um...ahhh...I...um...ya know..."', "I wouldn't talk about my divorce on the news if I had one", 'Every one has the right to life, liberty and security of person.\n\nArticle3- the universal Declaration of Human Rights', 'Billionaires CNN likes get the kid gloves', 'Greetings from Poland to USA; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', "Jeff Epstein had cases from 1985 and you didn't know? Bologna", 'CLOSE THE DOORS', 'Does anybody have the link for the real interview because I feel like Coop softballed the Epstein and employee affair parts.', '🏴🌲🏴', 'C-SPAN protecting Beijing Biden instead of covering Beijing Biden', 'Wow.', 'I have never understood the public’s obsession with the rich/famous. They have a knack for lying and misleading people.', 'Who really cares about this', 'He should not have spoken...there was no need.  With that said he handled himself well and Anderson was a gentleman throughout the interview.  This should be his first and last interview on his divorce and other related matters', 'This is the point you talk about wonders about your ex she is going to take a lot anyways', 'Billy getting his swerve on.  Even nerds need strange.', 'Billy has been doing shady things in Africa in the name of philanthropy for decades now.', 'Depopulation is his work', 'How evil If Britney was placed under a press ban.', '9/11 Return your apple phone day. Bring and American flag to support the victims and the constitution. Find a store', 'Did you have on clothes during your dinners with Epstein?', '“I’m sure everyone’s harassed their employees before” no, it’s not a universal thing.', 'From one piece of crap to another.', 'In the Philippines we sing, box and play basketball.', 'What a make out session. Boys will be boys.', "CNN's favorite go to expert on COVID19", "Anderson didn't kill himself !", "I do not like CNN at all. But I have to give AC credit here for asking a repeat guest some hard questions. Maybe the interview was orchestrated, I don't know. But Gates' answers were not great so I doubt he wanted to orchestrate this interview to give some crappy answers.", 'This interview was so disappointing. It came across like a PR campaign. Anyone would have thought Bill Gates PR firm gave Anderson the questions to ask. Bill Gates has done a lot of good things for charity, but I lost a fair amount of respect for him after that interview.', 'Of course CNN would give this monster a voice. Birds of a feather, I guess.', 'Hey bill :)', 'Good', 'CNN is manipulating you ALL, wake up!!!', 'Why are we even bothering with such trivial earthly concerns? I thought all billionaires were off traveling in space now...visiting new planets and meeting new lifeforms.', 'Summation:  "I\'m a weasel who cheated on my wife because I could, and if I wasn\'t a billionaire I wouldn\'t get the time of day from a woman.  I squeezed every last drop out of my employees while cheating them out of benefits, and use illegal methods to suppress competition, but because I\'m rich I\'m unaccountable, and politicians will whore themselves for my donations".\n\nHow\'s that,  am I close?', 'Marshmallow type of questions....', 'Poor rich man, he is suffering from being divorced. I hope his children help him.', "Biden isn't making any decisions, he is just doing what he is told to do.  In fact Biden isn't even capable of making decisions", 'But nothing about F’n little kids?', 'CGI at its finest here', 'Ohhhhh do not ask Bill about Corona he has not heard about !!!!  Muoooooo I am a cat', 'Another dirty old rich man', 'Bill put in your hit list, Aoc, Nancy, the Squads... and you are forgiven.', 'That was it?\nWhere did he open up about his divorce?', 'Should asked him about his shim wife name Michael', 'He is obviously a failure at marriage.  Avoid his advice if you are wise.', 'Anyone saying bill gates didnt use epstein to use woman do t know how smart melinda is. Women always find out. This man went from an articulate well thought out plan to uhhhh ummm.... huge mistake credibility, i uh made uh mistake', 'Interesting how this “Philanthropist” coincidentally is revered for his humanitarian work in Africa while it simultaneously falls apart at the seams. They despise him over there.', '(2:00)', 'Seems a bit weird', 'Too rich to go to jail. This kind of people are untouchable.', "I am a lazy person. But I heard that Mr. Gates believes in lazy people. Is that true? You know I'm friends with the master of the universe right? He's just trying to run a business like everyone else. He will take care of the windows but climb your own ladder Amen.", 'I can’t even watch because it is so media coached.', 'He totally do nasty things…smart man, but a horrible liar.', '27 years of marriage is pretty darn good!', '🤟🏿🔴🔴🔴🔴🤟🏿', 'CNN respectfully asked that this video be shadowbanned.', 'Most people dont know that gates ex advisor, is in charge of the epstien estate. some russian guy.', "Cuomo though?\n\nYou done with that news cycle? \n\nI mean.. if it were Trump it would be the only thing you'd report about for months.", 'Man don’t act like you are sad the relationship is over, you just sad that it is public knowledge now. You were chasing women AT the foundation that was in your and your wife’s name... you just sorry that she did something about it Bill.', "The view count on this video is TINY after 3 hours after being posted. \nI guess the CNN audience doesn't want to watch what they have created?\nYou can't see what these trash rat viewers crave by the number of views. \nNo wonder they're so emotionally unstable.", "Gates...wanted to say..shit happens I had an affair.  I'm not the only one. Anderson you know how it is wearing those tight  leather  wazaaam  chaps make you do..😂\n(Pause)NoH...  She looked good Anderson and I wasn't 100 like now I had some Quantum energy that needed discharging maaaan!  I'm not thatt much of a NERD ah Anderson I get the chicks ..even is I have to pay em off a few million but I'ma billionaire chump change."], ['What do you think we will find out about Trump’s tax returns? -Chris', 'Still like to see his highschool and college grades so we can see how much of a stable genius he really is.', 'No, the question you missed which is the one he will go to jail for : has he under declared the value of his property portfolio in order to get tax relief, while over inflating the value to gain loans and so obtaining loans via fraud.', '"Russia, if you are listening, I hope you\'re able to get me outof this jam."', "He's avoided any serious consequence for his lifetime of crime up till now and I fear that he may once again slither away from any jail time even though he should spend the rest of his life in a government provided, grey-bar Extended Stay hotel!", 'Two sets of books, one for the IRS, and a different one for the Banks!', 'Love this reporting! Well done, Chris.', "Hahaha, I have this feeling that we will NEVER know! He's been (and somehow will be) above the law. Sad!", 'What about inflating or deflating his assets? Greetings from the Netherlands 🇳🇱.', 'The sound effects really  impress upon the viewer, the seriousness of the situation.', '"yes, I\'m a billionaire... Btw we donation for our Stop The what ever you call it, fund.."', 'My tax returns are perfect, I asked a Tax expert and he said "Sir, these are the most amazing tax returns we\'ve ever seen"', 'Trump wouldn’t fight all the way to the Supreme Court to keep his tax returns secret if he didn’t have something to hide. Like being broke, commited tax fraud and having big loans that are backed by russia.', 'Just make it as "publicly humiliating" and more "in your face", as possible! Then point to those senators and congressmen, and say "NEXT?".', "Trump's wealth came from cheating on taxes, grifting, cooking the books and collecting recurring donations from the MAGA admirers.  Trump University, charities helped as well.  He gives money to himself, his family and anyone who strokes his ego or he can use.", 'This is the very same Manhunt they had for Michael Jackson in The Life of an Icon when he performed invasion Vegas or was that Frank Sinatra ?', '2:57 …well we already know Trump has CHINESE TIES from the manufacturing labels on them.🤣', 'I wish he did his own you tube channel explaining other adulting content in this format. Lol. He’s like the Bill Nye of government 😁', "Wow, this will help with the upcoming government lockdowns. China is not the problem, it's Trump. 🤦\u200d♂️", 'I\'m putting my bet on "several somethings"', "It all circles back to where we were when he first ran - you just automatically assume that tRump is lying - do that and you'll always be right!", 'you forgot "7"- All of the above.', 'A grifter always have dirty dealing in their tax returns', 'Gives to charity, do you remember what he did with his charity that was supposedly for sick children? Cheato only gives to charity if he is the cause. All that money the sheep give to him, he sees that as charity which benefits himself. And I hope those loans are called in soon.', 'it’s SO EXTREMELY pathetic to for 5 years to after someone’s taxes.', 'If the tax returns has been submitted, then they are now in the possession of the IRS .   Then all the government needs to ask themselves for a copy.', '5:20 "Personal Taxes" is a play on words. Crooked lawyers I swear. Personal taxes could be defined as the personal taxes of the employees who work for him. You have to make a lawyer define their definition of "personal taxes" when they are trying to manipulate.', 'It’s almost six years now. I’m beginning to think we will never see those returns.\nIs he really that powerful?', 'We all want to know how rich he really is', 'When Putin says get out of Iraq, you do  not consult with the chiefs, you obey and release a text following his direction. Hail to the chief. Cha Ching', 'If any of these six reasons are true then they should be able to charge him.....finally', 'Who cares about \'may?" I want indictments. Let us know when something actually happens.', "I would suggest that this is the point: If Ttump had legitimate proof that he is as rich and successful as he's always claimed, he'd have it in gold on the front of baseball hats. Just like if he was a good student at an Ivy League school. Funny he felt the need to sue the school to keep his records secret.", 'So when news  highlight how much he spent on tie clips that will just make you day.', 'you forgot "7"- All of the above.', 'It’s so obvious that there are major problems with it. I can’t believe the IRS haven’t just gone after him.', 'I know you are becoming masters of the YouTube editing style... but can we drop the backing track 5 decibels? Trying to hear what is being said.', "Trump's first question. How long have you been a criminal??", 'Ardor! Brilliant word usage Mr. Cillizza! So spot-on!', 'and whilst we are at it could we just have a quick look to see where the last years presidential salary went.....? Oh he had it?', 'I was brought up Catholic, not interested in protestant view of the," evil pope", bit I\'m not religious at all, but I remember some bible versus, and what\'s going on it\'s creepily similar to what it says will happen. Especially that whole, mark of the beast thing. Kinda freaky.\t😋\t|', 'Politicians in US should make taxreturns publicly available. All of them before being elected.', 'The Point is: hyper-editing, I guess', "Well if you built anything in NYC in the 1980s you have tenuous ties to the mob- that's just how it worked. That's the least sleazy thing trump has done.", 'Love that LEGO typewriter!  Knew you had taste!', "Correction: The Hitman's tax return! Fixed it for you!", 'Too little,  too late.  Is there really anything there that could lower his reputation further?   Worst president in history is already a lock.  What will this do, double worst?', 'Yes he made money in Russia, yes Russian banks loaned him money, no tax returns do not tell you someone’s net worth', "The Supreme Court, which he hand picked half of to try and help him remain in office, ruled that his tax returns have to be released. Now he's trying to get his joke lawyers to go to court to block it? The Supreme Court has the final say.", 'Thanks for reality, Mr. Cillizza!', 'Until it happens, it ain’t happening. There is very likely a good reason to keep them secret.', "He's as bent as metal fashioned into a Cork screw, but Trump (although not the genius he claims to be) does know the tax system exceptionally well, i fear this endeavour will or may be a fruitless task.", 'His son: "We get all our money from Russia."\nGee, I wonder what they will find.', 'Do you honestly think it will matter to his lemmings? They will say it is all made up. Or they will say it doesn’t matter.', 'The banks own 90% of his properties.', 'It’s not so much of what you will find in the tax return but what was left out of the taxes', "Didn't he have 2 sets of books...one for the taxes...the ones on his real business.", "It will show...he's compromised", "I really appreciate the help of Mitnicktech on Instagram they're the best...", "I really appreciate the help of Mitnicktech on Instagram they're the best...", 'Well now he can feel like a real gangster  TAX evasion is what took al Capone down', 'This guy reminds me of the kid in school that would gossip at the girls table', 'A man who has nothing to hide would not be fighting so hard to keep their taxes hidden.', 'God bless your soul man. Love the vibe of your video!', '‘because i dont have to brag’ … 🤣😂🤣🤣🤣', 'All this assumption is what leads to people passing it around as fact. The media is getting on my nerves. You are supposed to be a news channel and not a gossip network.', "Epstein didn't kill himself, McAfee didn't kill himself. Feed the algorithm.\t😴\t|", 'Y’all still worried about trump’s taxes? What about old Jeff? Amazon? Smh', 'Trump’s tax returns will reveal what we already know. He’s a fraud.', 'Never ever again vote for another Republican!!!!', 'LOCK HIM UP.', "Please allow me to throw a wrench into the gears. We'll most likely find out that Trump is not worth as much as he says; we may even find who has lent him money; but, if the IRS has actually been investigating (another question) Trump these past number of years, wouldn't they have found something? I'm not suggesting we should let Trump off the hook, but, unfortunately, there may not be anything there. I don't know anything about these things, but multiple-year investigations need to turn up something. What's the typical number of multiple?", 'The Democrats have had them for how long now and he still hasn’t been charged? The media companies attacking him look sloppy.', 'This is a note to Chris- build the lego typewriter!!!', "He's so f.d. 😂", 'Your first question should be……..Where did the money come from……ans.  Laundered Russian rubles', '" I don\'t have to brag. I don\'t have to. Believe it or not."\n\nCleary he DOES have to brag. He literally pathologically HAS to do it.', "It will drag on and on ,so I don't think we are going to see his Tax returns anytime soon .", 'Who cares. I loved how he handled the country. Hurry back I miss you.....🇺🇲🇺🇲', "Believe it or not he doesn't have to brag, wait and he's worth 8bil ? Let's send him money for his campaign and everything else then wait 5 years.", "dear lord ! we're there ever arrests made in az.?|", 'I just want to see for what purpose Justice Kennedy’s son gave a billion-dollar loan to Trump when no one would give him a dime.', 'Trump never should have lied about, I will show my taxes I will show them soon. He lied. After 4 years he is not under audit its a criminal investigation .', "It'd also show where he inflated and depreciated property values fraudulently for he's benefit.", 'Ensure he pays his fair share', 'Hunter:  10% for the Big Guy.', 'He borrowed money from the Russian mob. Guaranteed.', 'Thanks for dressing up for us today 😉', 'Everything Trump has projected towards the opposition,  is in fact what he himself has done. Hiding his tax returns is because it exposes him to be the fraud and conman that he truly is.', 'Did you know you have a choice to drop your US citizenship and only uphold the passport that says you are a United States national? Therefore you do not have to Abide by federal laws you guys don’t even understand how the law works the law was set for big corporations to have the ability to drop their citizenship so they cannot be convicted of any crime.', 'Supreme Court will step in and block it remember he stacked the Supreme Court', 'Gotta love the suit', "He probably does not have any financial dealings in Russia itself as those funds will have been washed via various financial points. Proving they come from Mother Russia will be near impossible - that's why the Russian mafia flourishes worldwide. Their stew has many ingredients, cooked by many international chefs but eventually consumed in Russia.", 'Diaperdon was never a billionaire, unless you count the two billion dollars he owes the Russians for covering his debts to Deutsche bank.', 'I\'m curious to see what kind of "charity " he claims he donated his presidential salary to 🤔', 'ThatTrump and his entire family are all con artists?', 'We need to fix out tax laws so people can’t cheat America. I pay. They should also pay a minimum tax percentage.', "It's been too long , no more delays", "If he was all he says. He would be showing and bragging. Buuuut he's not so he hides and denies.", "If you follow Tr...ps taxes you will find the crimes, that's why he doesn't want to show the public his taxes 😉", '3:57  Ted Schmutz seems to changed his mind a few times, when it fits  🥱  just Obvious opportunism, \nlike when he went into a texan house to lay carpet for the cameras, right after his trip to mexico, while half of the state was whitout electricity in winter...', 'I GOT A RUSSIAN BANK LOAN FOR BEAUTY CONTEST', 'That would be sketch if congress made his returns public.', 'Some tax experts believe Donald is NOT a billionaire and his net worth may be as low as $600 million.\nHe promised he will release his taxes 6 times, 4 times as a candidate and 2 times as Commander in Chief.\nTrump’s golf rounds cost the American taxpayer around $600,000 on average.', 'So afraid he could run again and derail globslism, right?', 'Who funded the Proud Boys, Oath Keepers, or Three Percenters for January 6, 2021?', "Don't   forget  about  148  Repúblican Senator's knew about  the  coup .😡", 'very well put; thank you', 'Tax returns will show the only charitable donations he makes are to himself, Ivanka, Don Jr., and Eric in that order.  They\'ll show business with Russia.  Overstated or understated values of properties depending on what he needs to claim.\nHere\'s another little tidbit that if the SDNY hasn\'t  latched onto it yet please someone tell them to look into it.  Vince McMahon of WWE had Trump as a guest.  Trump declined being paid but instead had Vince "donate" $5,000,000.00 to the Trump Foundation.  By now everyone knows about the pictures and helmet purchased with the foundation money but looking deeper, Vince probably saves 2-2.5 million dollars in taxes and Trump, well you know what he did.  Interestingly enough, if Vince knew what Trump was going to do with the money he\'s as guilty as Trump.  Vince is definitely a person who would flip rather than going to jail.  Hopefully someone reading this post has the ear of someone with the SDNY.  Maybe they\'re already looking into this but with so much to investigate one can see how they might overlook this quite possibly a crime.', 'This is like the modern news version of Bill Nye the Science guy.', "An Illinois tax agency ruled last month that Trump paid too much on his 2011 tax bill after the value of Trump International Hotel and Tower's rooms and retail space was over-assessed by the Cook County Board of Review, the\xa0Chicago Sun-Times\xa0reported.", 'How  can a billionaire  paid no taxes and I get  social security  and pay at least  $5000 per  year??????', 'If we get any information from DJ Trump It will be a lie like most of his statements always have been?', 'Let’s see the CNN’s tax returns! Oh it’s illegal!!', "DOJ and the FBI are already in Trump's pocket.....\nThe problem with Trump is like the problem with TEFLON.....\nNothing STICKS, lmao every time I hear Trump is going down.....", "If the American news media tell you that we'll be seeing Trump's tax returns soon, you can basically expect them to see them in just about ...... never!", '2:28 Excuse me! Donald Trump happens to have “a very large uh-brain” (according to him), thank you very much.🤨\n\n🤣‼️', '1/4 of people voting on this video don’t like what they hear…. But hey… maybe China switched the votes 🤷🏽\u200d♂️', "5 years of investigations and the FBI found nothing. Chris Bias Cillizza an actor at CNN is going to tell dumb people what he may find in Trump's tax returns. Chris has never been right and he has hated Trump for about 5 years, so I'm sure it will be a fair and unbias report.", 'You guys don’t even understand what you’re writing on here presidents when they get elected to office they are not United States citizens instead they are United States nationals read your passport see what your passport says. Everybody’s passports as a citizen/national you must understand what this means and then you’ll understand what politics means.', 'THUMBS UP: much better audio. Thanks for getting a mic.', '2:55\n"Does he have Russia ties"\nJust look at that dislike bar from the troll/bot farms they have. Kinda answers its own question. The Maga crowd could care less about this topic let alone understand it.', '#ShowUsYourTaxes ages pretty well 😀', "I bet we'll find out Russians own a significant % of his properties after bailing his ass out multiple times and that he owes oligarchs far more than he owes the IRS.", 'I want to meet the (non existent) auditors who have (not) been auditing these tax returns for four years.', 'Is it legal to do your tax return in crayon?', 'But, we will never get to see them, would be great if we did though.', 'My guess is all of them...and then some.', 'so where are these tax returns? and when are we going to finally see them?', 'Background music sucks, sorry - it detracts from your content.\nThe sound effects can stay, however! :)', 'I cant wait to see the movie of the  fall of trump... though Idk if it will be a drama or horror film', "The main thing we are likely to find is that his liabilities way outweigh his assets, put simply, he doesn't have a pot to pi$$ in.", 'Hey CNN... Follow the money! What happened to the money got from China. Time you guys followed the real story!', 'Soon Trump may be sued for everything and again divorced, hope so.  \nThis may be his only chance, since he loves money so much.', 'Hold your breath until we find out, please.', 'The Ryan Reynolds gif took me out.', 'Here we are talking about Tax return but it is the declaration of the  New Yotk fake book say there were 2 accounting books so if the floor \nreceives the tax return it will not be a reflection of the truth which  is in the mystery book which contains the true truth', '1. Russian collusion allegations.dem failure.  2 ukraine impeachment dem failure  3 soldier bounty lie, dem failure lie 4 covid his fault  dem lie failure. ( he gave joebama 3 vaccines which he alone f’d up) 5 2nd impeachment.  Dem failure.  And 6.  Stealing the election to put quid pro joebama and kackala in office.  Democrat huge failure', 'so say trump committed tax fraud, so what? you think we will ever see him be held accountable? no one thinks that. the rich play and never pay.', "Where's 10% for the big guy", 'Vlad probably paid his debt  ....', 'The title should be, “Six questions Donald Trump’s taxes could answer if we lived in an alternate universe where we actually got to see them.”', 'Lock him up.', 'Can anyone explain to me why some people seem to think that the tax returns might show links to organised crime?  Over here (Im Australian) shady people go to great lengths to hide that kind of stuff and they seem to be pretty good at it too.', 'CNN is such a joke. Millions of people at the southern border and youre still worried about trump...', 'This is the problem. All the speculation. Stir the pot, start the riots, facts come out, deal or no deal, damage done', '46.lowest point of earth prediction:(surah30,verse3).Here, 2nd word "adna" means lowest,minimum.We know, Romans gained victory against Persian idol worshipper at the lowest point of earth at the edge of dead sea.In this verse, Quran mentiones that battle area nearest of lowest point of earth. Besides, Romans victory against Persian idol worshipper also a Quran prediction (surah30,verse1-4).', 'This is going to be like turning over a rotten log and looking at what is underneath.  Keep your air bags handy.', "I really can't believe anyone can muster even the tiniest bit of care or interest about this. Sad.", 'I want to see Trumpty’s tax returns.', 'What a sad joke cnn is these days', 'So if I call Forbes, go by my future unborn sons name & tell Forbes I’m a billionaire I could make it on the list? \nI promise I won’t wanna date my daughter', 'The tax returns may provide insight into questions #2, #5 and #6. Doubtful if they will provide any insight into the other questions.', 'IRS did an audit. what did they find', 'The point is what we all knew 5 years ago?', 'Donald J Trump=Tax Evasion. LOL', "He doesn't have to brag, but that's all he does or has ever done.", '*Remember the bigtime gangster, Al Capone..., the Crime Boss King of Chicago?...*\n\n*They finally sent him to prison..., **_for Tax Evasion... ;)_*', 'Trump has more than $1B in loans due to be paid in just the next few years', 'Just push the send button and send the returns. Let him sue. The law is clear .', '$750.00? Who else paid about that much earning less than $40,000.00?', "so, i'm thinking #2=#3, and putin knows he'll never see a dime. good bye, trump.", "I outright reject the notion that someone applying for the most powerful position in the world should be free to hide their financial obligations, connections, and motivations. \nIt's naive to believe money and power don't motivate action. If a potential POTUS is deeply and personally indebted to foreign powers, only a great fool would not see that as an obvious disqualifier. This is the exact reason Trump lied about wanting (not just being willing to, but WANTING to) release his taxes, while having his lawyers fight against his promises in court.", '36.expanding universe (by Habl):(surah51,verse47) Allah is expanding this universe with pace from starting of this universe.', 'Hang on, is that a LEGO typewriter??', '“Billionaire” business man…', "I'm sure a rt wing judge will pop up to help trump.", 'I think it is possible many of his Trampites "cook the books" with their tax documents.  There is a history of not following laws with the Tramp group (especially health orders) They may be getting government funds for being closed down from covid 19, but actually being open and making money from their businesses, church etc. at the same time, and not recording that income.', 'His taxes may also show that he lied about his age. Nothing would surprise when the orange man is involved!', 'What about his health care plan lol', 'CNN and a bloody bold sound system -', 'It was a WORTHwhile pun.', "What difference will it make? They won't do anything about it, just make noise. And the crime wave continues.", 'You left out proving he is a liar.', 'thanks god ,obama the organizer|', 'Let me guess: the next The Point episode will be about Trump. And the next one will be about Trump. And same with the one after that.\n\nLast time I checked, Trump left office 6 months ago.', 'someone with nothing to hide does not go to such great lengths to keep something hidden.', 'Don\'t forget that Trumpy said his wealthy # depended on "how he felt that particular day." Like, did he ^feel^ rich, or not so much ...?', 'Even if you say he is penniless, his base will not believe it.', 'Did Hunter pay taxes on that money he got from Russia?', "Some things, if they come out of your hand and become someone else's property, they will not return.....💙", "I'll like to see his taxe returns as well, but i don't think it's going too happen.", 'A complete and exhaustive audit of CNN\'s tax records should be conducted to discover how the DNC funnels in cash to shore up that failing "news" outlet.', "When congress receive Trump's tax return...Trump will go to jail...period!", "Hasn't the IRS been auditing Trump's taxes for over 10 years now?", 'Greetings from Poland to USA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', 'Dump Foundation 😅', 'He looks sexy in a blazer', "How is he supposedly going to run again in 2024, we are still trying to get the Tax Returns from his last run.\n  Is he going to have a First Lady this go around, I think not.\n So many questions So little time.\nI'm quite sure everyone has learned something about these Taxes.", "he's owed a $1 million dollars in chicago...bruh!!!", "His tax returns will probably show he is worth about 250 million dollars. That is still a lot of money, but Trump finds it important to be a billionaire. That Trump has no investments in Russia is probably true. Trump does not spend his own money on anything. He does not own most of the latest Trump buildings, someone else does and he licenses his name to them. The more interesting question is does Russia have any investments in Trump. He conveniently didn't answer that.", 'Practically every Trumpist in the comments "WhataboutJoeBiden?" They have about as much knowledge of tax returns as they do about the voting process, absolutely nothing.', "Hey, Chris.  What's with the sport coat today?  Special occasion?", 'I mean, what are we going to find out? He’s a conman and he’s going to jail? Uhhh surprise!', 'Nothing else to talk about huh cnn', 'Sammy "The Bull" Gravano tells a story about Trump on one of his podcasts. How Trump buried hazardous material, instead of disposing of it properly. Pretty much underneath New York is a asbestos, and you name it cesspool of hazardous waste material because of the mob, and Trump to some degree', 'What would we do without you, Chris? Thank you for adding levity where there is otherwise little or none. 🌹', 'There was considerable press suggesting that the banks/lenders would recall those loans theoretically bankrupting the company when/if his company was indicted.  Well, the company was indicted.  So what happened?', "Goodness Gracious...malignant narcissism abounds in Trumpworld.  Along with Trump's new NAZI party membership cards!", 'I remember his son said that they have disproportion russian money in their business.... it is on video', 'Why does CNN not ask how career politicians are millionaires?', 'CNN may as well change their name to TNN... Trump News Network 😷', 'Do you know how much he prepaid. Remember big business has tax breaks because of democrats', "dear god , that are not willing to help the american people, biden treat's us as peasants who have no say so with our own lives. i only give to an individual who represents maga!|", '"Mr. Turbo Tax". nice!!   They are afraid of it getting public because the Dumpster KNOWS he is not the success he says he is and the returns will show it', "It's a curse, CNN really cant live without Trump. What about the climate changes story?", 'Is he a crook? Lol yes', "We no he don't give no money to nobody , he'll he won't eben help rudy and he lied for him for years and still is", "Trump got elected, in no small part, on the spurious question of Hillary's emails.\n\nSo, it is fitting that Trump's tax returns will preclude him from ever holding a federal office again!", 'Willing to bet he’s not a billionaire. Not that any Dems would be surprised by that.', 'EVERY politician should be audited every year they are in office and have to prove where their money comes from! How do these politicians come into office and become millionaires while only earning $230k a year?? EVERY politician should be investigated', "Who has (had) leverage over tRump? That's the question ⁉️", 'MAY 17, 2021\r\n•\r\nToday, President Biden released his 2020 federal income tax return, continuing an almost uninterrupted tradition. With this release, the President has shared a total of 23 years of tax returns with the American public.', "January 6 , putin'$$$$$$$.", 'Propaganda garbage again! Trump living rent free in their minds hahahaha', "OMGosh! Please, stop with the distracting music. Which 70's B movie did you get it from, anyway?", '"The cleanest guy there is." ~Lil Donnie\nYeah. Take your finger and draw it along his jowl.', 'If trump is a billionaire... why do he owe anybody ? 🤔', 'Cnn still talking about trump 🤣', 'Cheating the IRS.?????', "+rumf thinks it's smart to avoid paying taxes! He said that to the world 🥴🤣", "I think even if he has or had ties to Russia his accountant probably hid it under some other name. Remains to be seen if we'll know anymore than we already do which is nothing. Yea well that we all suspect he's not as rich as he claims. Oh and the last 6 months in office he DID NOT give his president salary away. Guess he figured he'd need it for legal fees.", 'One things for sure, they will never ask 6 questions Hunter Biden’s tax returns may answer?', "make you an offer you can't refuse", 'I think all this is a lie, nonsense', "Lmao they just can't stop bringing up trump", 'CNN loves Trump. 🤣🤣', 'Thanks', 'The most investigated man in America’s history...And The Swamp has failed every time. \nThey will fail again. They are terrified our REelected President.', 'Good show the crooks taxes as the pass presidents has shown them.', "Anybody who deals with construction and Realestate during the 1980's had to have dealt with the mob at some point.  In the 1970's and 80's NYC was run by the mob with great influence.", 'Did you build that Lego typewriter??', 'Still nothing from Chris regarding his funny brother???', 'The IRS already has his tax returns. If there was anything scrupulous they would have already investigated. Giving tax returns to the politicians will do nothing but give more political ammo. This has nothing to do with wrongdoing and everything to do with making a statement to non-politicians to stay away from politics.', 'What is he hiding?', "Hahaha! Too, too funny! \nif he’s as honest as he wants everyone to believe, he shouldn’t have any problems with ppl seeing his returns. BUT, if he's a thief, then no wonder he wants to keep the documents from being seen.\nMy bet is on option two... and bigger fish than him have been fried by the IRS due to tax fraud.", "What happened to Hunter Bidens laptop? Last video segment I saw of THAT was pretty damning. Hypocrisy at it's finest. Impeach Biden. He was more corrupt than the Don by a 1000!", 'All politicians in this country are nationals of the United States of America they do not belong to the citizenship of United States please read your passports and you will understand what I’m talking about.', 'THE   END   of trump   IS   NIGH.', "We know the hundreds of questions that many super Rich politicians taxes would answer, that they didn't get super Rich from there salary's", 'If I was accused of Tax Fraud/Evasion I wouldn’t go to these kind of lengths to keep them hidden. If submit them so people would know ik innocent, not fight congress to keep them hidden.', 'From what we have heard so far, those of us low income folks are paying more in taxes than trump. More actual dollars, not a higher percentage. If he has done this by cheating, he needs to jailed. If this is a rich person loophole(s), it (they) need to be closed. If it is a loophole, then our govt needs to examine many many other billionaires taxes.  I should NOT be paying more than people with gold toilets.', 'Who cares what you find out nothing will happen to him im sick of hearing his name mentioned', 'Love your insightful comments. But ditch those annoying pop ups. They detract from "what" you have to say.', 'Um, my tax returns? Anybody can access them. Trumps tax returns? No. Why?', 'President Biden released 21 years of his taxes and had no problem doing so.\nTrump fought for over a year to have Obama show his birth certificate.\nEven when he did, Trump kept saying "It wasn\'t an official birth certificate" and he kept on insisting Obama wasn\'t a U.S. citizen.\nAnd yet....Trump has been fighting for over 5 years, in multiple court cases, to not have his taxes released.\nNo one does so if they are "the cleanest guy they know."', "So you know what would be interesting. If he's just trolling. Imagine, Donald Trumps taxes show nothing illegal but show donations to charity. What if he's just refusing to show his taxes to get the law to waste their time on it.", "I can't figure out why wealthy people hate paying taxes... I myself vote for tax levys everytime they come up !?", 'How much is his total net worth devaluing every day. Buildings are taking the Trump name off of them. Less people are going to his hotels that he owns. He has to pay millions to lawyers. He owes hundreds of millions of dollars in loans. How long will this money last.', 'Even if it is found that 45 has a lot of questionable, even illegal activity, on his returns, he will still be a hero to his base for defying tax laws they will claim were unfair to begin with.', "How about those Dominion voting machines, AZ Jack Sellers can't answer or turn over!!!", 'The bottom line of his tax revelation? \nHe\'s broke, due to being in debt up to his neck. He cheated on his taxes for decades by claiming lower values on his properties, while he LIED to banks about higher property values in order to borrow more. His actual net worth is in his properties and brand (BOTH of which are failing miserably and losing money for years, merely being propped up by his other family grifts, not paying his debts, and by the next big "deal" that comes along) not in cash or other liquid assets. He borrowed money from Russian mob-types through Deutsche Bank (because he could get ZERO credit ANYWHERE else in the WORLD due to his nasty habit of defaulting or fighting the debt in court and making the creditors settle for dimes-on-the-dollar), he has NEVER donated to a charity (other than himself). And it will also prove that MOST of what he has claimed to be and what he claims to have accomplished is actually a giant, hollow, house-of-cards pile of lies. In other words, he is a lying, scheming, thieving POS that has never had to actually work a day in his miserable life because his daddy GAVE him EVERYTHING, and he has spent his ENTIRE adult life SCREWING people. THAT is why he has hidden this. He KNEW no one would vote for him! He also didn\'t want the world to see who/what he REALLY IS!', 'Sometimes things are so FUBAR put him in jail.  We really had that for president.  United States  I didnt vote for him come on.', 'If Trump Taxes were all Straight then he would have used them as a "Political Tool" and JUSTIFY any Bragging Rights!! But....NOT!!', "I don't want to see his taxes..  I want to see him in jail", 'Rent free lmaooo', "Trump is just delaying until the fascist right wing gov't overthrows democracy in 2022 or 2024.", 'Come on CNN, show some real news such as BLM member stab a police officer in DC.', 'Even if the movie, "Other Peoples Money", means the rich will not use their own money. Does billionaire bill gates, borrow money?', "My opinion I just think he got over a lot of people and still getting over on them that's my opinion", 'Wait the IRS still doing Trumps feet👣 high tax returns🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'With everything going on dont you think you can find something else to talk about???', 'I love love LOVE speculation and inferences! Tell me more!', 'A guy who points to his own head while he says the word "thinking", probably doesn\'t have a big a-brain.', 'Start with Trump Towers when he hired Sammy the Bull to get non-union workers to dig out all the pollution in the lot and dump it unprotected. Look up Sammy the Bull and Donald Trump here on YouTube.', 'attempt on stopping him in 2024', 'I would be surprised if he did not owe moneies to Russia.  So he should be watching his back if it is true 🧐', '“Good faith indicator…”. No such this coming from Trump.', "I found an error, in the beginning of the video you said trump was a billionaire but we all know by now that he's definitely been lying about that all these years", "I'm a tax paying American and I pay my taxes that makes me a true American living with our system and not trying to be beat our system so yes its time for Trump give up those taxes, Trump owes money to everyone. He does not pay anyone so let's see those taxes. Hes the only American President that has never showed or released his taxes to the public. All past Presidents showed their taxes to shoe that they were financially responsible and had no big debt. Our Government needs to see those taxes NY has them why cant they turn them over to the Government.", 'He paid there fixed it for you.', 'Lol wonder when CNN will properly cover Andy cuomo? But nah we’re still talking about old lame ex president trump', 'So according to Trump himself, his net worth dropped from $8B down to $2B over the past 6 years???', 'Trump is really rich, believe it,  just look at his cholesterol levels and his body fat to body mass ratio.', 'What about January 6th?  Lmao 🤣 🤣', "Seriously? Trump has been out of office nearly 8 months, and you guys are still fixated? You're like a stalker.", 'The orange clown\r\nIs going down\r\nSoon Guilty found\r\nSentence comes round\r\nThen prison bound \r\nAnd not one frown\r\nWhen no more crown!', "Didn't the supreme court already ruled on this", 'He said ...on TV...that he borrowed money from Russia because the American banks wouldn’t give him loans! He might not have money in Russia, but he got money from Russia.', 'Who?\nWhat?\nWhen?\nWhy?\nWhere?\nAnd How?\n\nNext.', 'The best grifter ever', "Hey CNN how are you ratings? I heard they were in the toilet but I was wondering if they've actually passed into the septic system yet.", 'This video is heavily over edited.', 'You guys,  have to talk about TRUMP to get audiences,  is unbelievable how sick is this TRUMP STRONG KEEP FIGHTING', "people keep talking about the $100 million trump raised off his followers thinking he'll invest it in gop campaigns, but they forget that trump didn't even spend a dime on the fake audits he thinks will get him back into office. \n\ndude owes $400 million to a bunch of shady oligarchs, i think he's a lot more worried about that than putting that money into races 😂😂", 'trump lost so many times but he keeps filing to hide it and America allow it. America is sick....', 'Lose the background music', 'I love reading comments from fake foreign accounts', 'Adult diapers and Adderall = 1.2 BILLION', 'Can we see Bidens tax returns?', 'MAN IM PEEING MY PANTS ALREADY JUST THINKING ABOUT IT  LOL', 'We could also learn about his offshore and Swiss secret accounts.', 'Regardless of level of government or party you should be required to submit your taxes. No president or senator should have a issue with this', 'Despiration is reaking🙄', "CNN's STILL picking on Trump? WOW. And still preaching what's wrong as right I see too. Romans 1:24-28 but Romans 10:9, love ya'll", "We'll finally find out if he was lying when he said he was worth over 10 billion dollars. 😂", 'The pee tape is hidden in his tax returns.', 'Trump still leads the headlines and views at CNN.', 'Once Upon a Time….\t👋\t|', 'Please consider “lawyer speak”. Did he pay taxes? Maybe. Did he get all that money back? Probably.', 'Trump may not have investments in Russia but how much have Russian oligarchs invested in him?', 'He paid 750 whole dollars last year. Seems legit. I paid 41k.', "I bet there's 2 sets of books. He would never hand over his books showing his corruption. After all he gets people to do  whatever he wants", "Maybe he doesn't want to reveal how many women he payed off.", 'Sir, why is there Cheeto dust all over these papers?', "We may see Donald Trump's tax returns. Man, I feel like I've heard that before.", 'How about a crime', "It's gonna make Benghazi look like a pee tape...", 'The most important question the returns will answer the question “how long will trump be in jail?”', 'ALWAYS BET ON BLACK, LETITIA JAMES!!!', 'The plot thickens..', 'This commentator is a clown 🤡', 'It feels so good that trump is finally going to prison', "If you have over a billion dollars, why do you have to get a loan? Makes no sense to me. I'd use my own money and have no interest fees paying that shit back. He's a liar.", 'What are tRumps debts?', 'DONALD TRUMP JR STATED WE CAN BORROW HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS DOLLARS FROM RUSSIA', 'He’s hardly a billionaire anymore.', "You are so wrong.......\nWe the public are not or may never ever see this crooked President's tax returns, what the Court has ruled is that Congress will now see these tax returns but that does not mean that they will be available for the public's scrutiny.  \nAnd therein lies the difference and that's the point.", 'His signature was signed with a jumbo crayon', 'Like the opening', "You guys love Trump so much you can't keep him out of your mouth", 'Trump only THINK about himself', 'the video doesnt play, =(.', 'I vote for the, "All of the above" choice.\nThe Orange Tyrant\'s corruption has no limits...', 'What brand is his speaking cheese in his right corner of the mouth?', 'Just show those trump taxes and let the people see the LIES IN HIS TAXES.....WHAT DO YOU THINK LIARS DO?', "I'm really rich. Believe me.", '"Come on, man. Look, here\'s the deal - Wisdom doesn\'t always come with age. Sometimes, people like me are just morons.". - Joe Biden', '🤦🙄', 'How much business is he doing with the Chinese and his family..🤔', 'This smells like everything is related. He did not want to get out of the White House  really bad. How bad? To the point of trying to destroy democracy. Why so bad? The answer will be in his tax returns and court proceedings. But it does not matter. His cultists will vote for him no matter what. He can shoot someone on 5th avenue in front of 500 people, stand trial, loose the case, and run for President from cell block A... and win.', 'All that Trump owns is likely just "negative wealth" with most of his money being tied up in debt and questionable investments with very little real liquidity. I wouldn\'t be surprised if his "real money" turns out to be significantly less than 100 million.', "Love Trumps argument. Dems are just trying embarrass him. What's in there that he knows is embarrassing?", "There can be only one reason why Donald Trump's tax returns have not been turned over already and that is that Trump has a lot of fans at the board of the IRS. There is no other explanation. Any other person's returns would have either been handed over upon first request or been leaked. Trump has a lot of Trumpians at the IRS. I think that we will never seen all of his returns as required per law. Trump uses the law to wipe his ass with and so do his acolytes.", 'I know for a fact he did not give one penny to charity, not only he did not give, he lied and took a deduction on some phony charity he created!!!', 'As long as the returns are published by the midterms.', 'Still Trump???', "Well let's see he can't fix his big private jet been sitting in New Jersey airport for 4 years and not working he sold one helicopter already and he just listed the other one for sale I think the man's going broke", '15.prophet lifetime prediction: Rememberence of death for prophet find in(surah40,verse77);(surah13,verse40);(surah10,verse46). lf we calculate surah number (40+13+10)=(At40 gets prophethood+ then 13 years Makkah life+10 years Madina life)=63. This 63 indicates lifespan of prophet.lf we calculate verse number (77+40+46)=163(163 is 38th prime number) ln Quran has surah Muhammad which contains 38 verses.', 'The one question Trump’s taxes can’t answer - why isn’t he in jail yet?', 'President Trump pays more in taxes that cnns net worth lol.', "Remember the Clinton debate ?   I deduct what the Obama administration allows.  He's Teflon Don.", 'I know one of the six were going see he committed fraud', 'seriously should move on from trump, there is other topics such as border, eviction and many others...', '1-How much , much , much more he owes the American taxpayer\n2-How much he under reported his income\n3-How much he over reported his loses\n4- How much in CONsultation fees went to his children ( even though they work for him )\n5-How much Green fees were deducted as Buisness expenses.', 'His tax returns will prove that he cooked the books for his entire life and that he has been riding on the legitimate tax payers coat tails since the day he was born.', "Ties to Saudi's.", 'The more he resists the more guilty he looks- what about ass hat!! I have a clean not perfect but clean tax record, the authorities said we think your up to something and we need to see your taxes to prove us wrong, any innocent person would naturally say..HAVE AT IT!!', "He had already enough time to manipulate and do his dirty work to cover up his dirty deals. I'm sure he has already sent most of his corruption earnings to a tax haven country long ago.  This will take a good pat down on all of family members finances.", 'Talk about trump since you have to bring his name in, but I wish you and the rest of the legitimate media would stop putting his picture up on your reports.  It would also drive him crazy.', 'Guy has been such a failure of businessman, his dad would of been better of if he left his assets and company frozen than left his idiot son run them into the ground and pile up billions in debt.', "Trump re-elected legally president of the United States until January 2025🇺🇸👍is fact, Trump is the people's president🇺🇸👍 accept it 🤣", 'Thank you for reminding us why we need to see his taxes , not just a fishing expedition, maybe shedding light on the financial motivation for doing many of his actions while president …   .', 'The turtle? Listen closely', '"I don\'t have to brag, I really don\'t, believe it or not." \nSays the man who is braggin and is absolutely incapable of not bragging.. 🙄', 'I dont think i have ever heard the words \n"Maybe "  " probably" so many times\n\n\nJust like rachel mad cow \nYou are not news \nYou are opinion', "How many dead 💀AMERICANS did he take. He was trying hard to take his father's money 💰before he died. Think. He 000ssss China 🇨🇳. This is why he is trying hard for war.", "It's total, not turtle, donnya...", "Too bad they'll never get his complete tax history. No way in hell. The idea that he will face charges is just silly.", 'Jeeeezxs  by the time matters Trump are fully transparent the world will become bored or everyone has died.', "Trumpleforeskin has got a major, hellacious problem on his hands with the revelation of his taxes. There has to be something there that is very toxic, and/or he just doesn't want the American public to see his swindling and lecherous nature. Ego buster, for sure.", 'Never in my 68 years have I witnessed extreme mental illness from these news outlets absolutely obsessed with one person’s lifestyle.  These reporters need to be 5150!', 'Common man let’s be real here, we all know who the orange fuherer is….don’t we????', 'When Donald Trump dies and they do an autopsy, they will find he is full of empty promises and the discarded red rings from baloney slices.', "They say he didn't pay taxes because hes rich and don't have too who gives a damn..  If you were rich and didn't have to you wouldn't either", 'He’s probably worth LESS than a billion.', 'For libs like me brown eye play is always an option 👁👁', "I'm probably missing something here, but why not just get the tax returns from the IRS?", 'A news channel who speculates more than observe and report', "So does that mean we America can see biden's tax returns and pelosi's and all the rest of them. It sounds Like it.", "He's afraid to show his tax returns.  Why?  Didn't he say 5 yrs ago that as soon as the audit (not really) is finished, he'll release his tax returns to the public?  What gives?  What is he hiding?", 'This guy in this video is a joke.This guy will be going down with the rest of the cabal.Biden is asking people.So when do you think Trump will be back?Answer!Sooner than you 🤔🤔.Yaaa Man', "Who cares about Trump's tax returns - The world is collapsing  - We are so beyond and through with this....Really", "What's with the suit dude", 'Trump has the cheek to call hunter Biden a crook. When hes really self projecting.', 'Problem being when, inevitably, Congress leaks Trump will spend the next few years litigating it.', 'WHERES THE REPORTING ON THE NY GOVERNOR’S SEX/HARASSMENT SCANDAL?\nSeriously asking for friends \nThanks in advance CNN!', "Damn out of office for over 6 months and still living rent free in cnn's head", 'Still on this?', 'I already knew ❌Donald Trump❌ is hiding something just throw him in ✅jail✅🤣😂', 'I (still) want the pee pee tape!!!!!!!!', 'Give how close trump always seemed to be to money laundering operations (see his "plans to build a hotel" in the country of Georgia for example) I\'d be pretty shocked if there were no money laundering in his opperations.\n\nEspecially when you consider the stop gap benefits to trump and his businesses.  I.e.- making the businesses appear busy.', 'Does cnn know he’s no longer the President? Veritas indeed', "Everyone should watch the four part mini-documentary from the Australian Broadcasting Co. on Trump/Russia and Follow the Money. It came out almost 4 yrs ago, but they did an insane deep dive into Trump's finances, around the world. Far better, and deeper, more comprehensive reporting than anything I've seen done here in the US. (and no, NOT Skynews out of Australia, it's ABC, Australian Broadcasting Co.)", 'No one will get to see his tax returns if it gets dragged on past next November and Republi-cons win the house majority.  \nAt the pace at which his tax return disclosure is going on it may very well happen.', 'Russian ties & China neck ties... 🎀', 'Trump has been hiding this for along time, and i hope Trump recieves the same custodial sentence as Al Capone, if Trump has 1 cent out of line with his tax returns.', "The man hasn't been president since January. How obsessed and starved for attention are you? After Trump took office the media around Hillary Clinton died... that's how normal people behave.", "Donald J.Trump doe'snt want to show his taxes because he is not a billionare and he's never paid a penny in taxes.", 'Any bets his net worth is negative????', 'No, his Russians investments are here in the US. Trump is connected, both Russians and US. Only as far as laundering cash', '"We" are not likely to see anything. Congress is.', "If Trump's taxes see the light of day (still not convinced they will) regardless of what they show, millions have decided Trump matters more to them than the laws of the land. If not more than their own country.", 'How about Bidens China returns and Hunter Bidens computer returns ?!! Absolute shameless silence ?!!', 'He did to America exactly what he done to himself, we now have the biggest deficit ever. Trump rich? Well compare it to all what he owes to banks and other financiers and we see. If I go into the bank and loan $1 million does it make me a millionaire? \nSo I would love to see his tax returns just to put a nail in his financial coffin.', '99 % DONAL TRUMP GUILTY.  IMPICHMED 2024.   OVER NOT TAX PEYER', "Whatever we learn, if anything, will make NO DIFFERENCE to his supporters.  Doesn't matter because Trump is god to his followers.", 'Please stop referring to trump as a “billionaire”, real billionaires do not hawk crap products like water, steaks, wine, etc. Just ask the real billionaires! His tax returns will show he is definitely NOT one!', 'I thank God everyday for giving us Biden. They will join forces to help us.', 'They will reveal a wasteful and incompetent businessman who was bailed out repeatedly by taxpayers money through bankruptcies.', 'The Orange Cheeto is going down for sure this time! Indictments are right around the corner for sure! We finally got em\'! One things for sure, President Trump was right once again............." These people are sick! ". 😂', 'Trump: “Oh no, you can’t see my taxes. I’m being audited for the next 100 years..”', '45. Quran prediction of Roman victory (surah30,verse2-4):At the time of prophet,A battle was held between Persian statue worshippers and Roman Christian s.ln that battle,Romans were defeated.So, statue worshippers of Mecca became happy.At that point ,by those verse Allah gives indication to prophet that though Romans lost that battle but Romans will be victorious in their next battle though they were few in number.This prediction became fulfilled after few years.', 'All the little people in this country that work 9 to 5 jobs they pay their taxes on time did you know it is absolutely illegal to collect taxes from the people obviously you don’t understand how the law works. By law by the constitution of United States of America you do not have to be a United States citizen but you can be the United States national it’s in your passport just do your research you can go to the closest federal building and drop your citizenship and still keep your passports and become a United States national this is true do you research and then you’ll understand politics.', 'CNN🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', "Trump is apparently a billionaire but can't afford to pay his bills and steals from others", 'Now you see why your ratings are down 67 70%', 'Q. Does Donald Trump donate to charities?      A. No silly, he steals from charities.', "The part about this I don't get is what would this accomplish? Who he owes? Plus if there's anything illegal on those returns would have come out in an audit. But since your ratings have plummeted you need this. 😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄", '🤣🤣🤣', 'Um, why would a billionaire need a loan???', 'Tens of millions of people across the US deserve answers, No. More. Lies.', 'Pathetic ex girlfriend much', 'Well, if he had paid millions in taxes, then the NYT would possibly be sued due to false reporting or issue a correction for reporting $750 in taxes paid.  Given that Trump is notoriously litigious, he wouldn’t refrain from suing unless he knew there could be real consequences for bringing such a suit if it were true.', 'A law should be passed that every single person on the government payroll has to provide tax records from first to last filing to prove their innocence of no collusion', 'But why would Donald Trump fight to keep his tax returns private when he promised to release his tax returns to the public during his 2016 Presidential campaign bid?', 'I imagine that if his returns are released, someone will point out all the cases of Tax Fraud. It would be really hard for the public to ignore that, especially if tax collectors get involved.', 'Every other presidential candidate since LBJ publicly presented their tax returns. Why didn\'t we get to see trump\'s before the election? Wait, we would get to see it after the "audit" (IRS said there never was any audit). I wanted to see the revolving door from campaign cash to his resorts to his pockets. The "audit" was right up there with "I won\'t have time to play any golf when I\'m president". Ah, the art of the grift.', 'LOTS OF SHHEET IN HIS TAXES..MUCH WORSE THAN YOU THINK', 'Mike Lindell has 5 million dollars for ya, if you can prove his evidence is wrong,  PUT UP OR SHUT!', 'Living rent free', "I can't wait to watch the s**t show Trump's life will become when everyone finds out he's broke.", "There's no way that orange abomination is worth 2.4 bill.", "Let's see Joe Biden and his garbage DNA  money scam on the big guy", 'Owing Russians is probably ok with magas', "Trump's wealth is the money he borrowed from the banks, and never paid back. 💰", "Why doesn't he want to show his tax returns?", 'TAX FRAUD TRUMP', "It's raining in Montana", 'CNN just can’t stop talking about him', 'It was reported by many that Trump\'s actual worth was "off the table" as a subject to the comedians and writers for the _Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump_', 'Are they going to keep this up when he’s re-elected in 2024? Let’s waste more taxpayers money on frivolous, idiotic investigations. 🤷\u200d♂️', 'Thank you for wearing a decent wristwatch.', "The fact that the orange maroon isn't already in prison just proves America is a 3rd world country with no rule of law , for rich , white men.", 'If you have nothing to hide then just release the damn things! Besides, he is always bragging, so I\'m surprised he hasn\'t come out and said, " my tax returns are the biggest and best, their tremendous, no one has ever seen such great returns in the history of the world!"', "Lets see everyone's tax returns.", 'First: trtump always lies. Second: Since when does not having INVESTMENTS in Russia, mean he does not have deals with Russia? He has reportedly sold them hundreds of millions of dollars in condos worth much lower value, allegedly laundering money for them.', 'You’re still talking about this guy? He’s been out of office for almost a year now. There’s plenty of nonsense Biden and Cuomo are doing that you seem to think isn’t important.', "He already told you that he has paid more tax than he should have and the tax man is going to reimburse him. It's the same rhetoric as when you said he was supporting white supremacy, he denounced it 100 times but you still said he never did. Wake up CNN, we can all see through your lies.", "The only way for America to be safe in the short term is when trump's diet, age and lack of exercise finishes him. He can't cause any more damage when he's a lifeless orange fast food meal for worms.", 'Ask Russia for a copy of Trumps returns... Im sure they have a copy', 'CNN still so obsessed with Donald Trump. Lol I think everyone in your entire media outlet needs therapy.', 'Hes Lairs...Russia', 'I want to see how Pelosi Biden famlies got rich in office...', 'That america is ripe for cults and seditious grifters', 'this guy does a tubbin thinking bout President Trump ✊🥒💦', 'This station is so bought off by the communist party it’s not even funny.', 'hello everybody', 'rent free.', 'It already went before a judge,, one can not be tried twice..', 'Obama released his birth certificate but Orange Hitler can’t release his taxes 🙄', 'Anyone else would just get a letter from the IRS saying please pay back taxes. With Trump the left goes nuts.', "billionaire dont owe money lmao more like broke people ')", 'Money laundering', 'Trump points to his head when he says, "that\'s the kind of thinking we need." It other words, he assumes he is talking to a bunch of 3-year olds.', 'disgraced trump incited an armed insurrection on january 6 2021 to overthrow a democratic election', 'Donald Trump is a grifter for years to decades.He even have his own charity foundation and he been moving foundation moneys around and around finally going back into his own pocket.', 'TRASHTRUMP', '67% of people have left this network for a reason LMAO 🤣', "If the IRS didn't get Trump earlier, what's the difference now? Tax returns still have the same numbers on them as before...", 'Damn the well trusted liberal "facts" manufacturing plant at it again. Got to give them credit where it\'s due😱', 'Either he really is broke or he’s committing tax fraud', 'So, I guess the obvious question here is, isn’t there anything more relevant to be reporting on? Like Chris’ bro? The Trump stuff is...well, who even gives a sh*t anymore?', "Hey goggle eyes shut up you're a billionaire nah you're not f up", "hundreds of millions in debt yet he's a so called billionaire  🤔", 'If this is true that Donald owe taxes for so long and is now they are finding out that then all the taxe department should be investated something is very wrong', "Trump: I'm not doing it to brag. I don't need to brag.\nEveryone: Yes you are.  Yes you do.", 'Stormy Daniels charity', 'Sorry Donald, you brought this on yourself. You are short sighted. Lies bear fruits in due time.', "Why isn't it a requirement for a President to disclose their tax returns? Maybe even all elected officials? We should know as taxpayers and voters, shouldn't we?", '"There have been multiple media reports about Donald\'s business dealing with the mob...." ~Lyin\' Ted "I only tell the truth when I want something or am in pain" "Cancun" Cruz', 'Trump taxes are done by profession tax attorney,  audit politicians that became wealthy on the taxpayer dime first.', 'Nobody knows more about tax than Trump. And by that I mean, nobody hides their tax more than trump.', 'You have to love how Trump supporters fail to acknowledge how Trump used his Presidential power to stop the release of his tax returns (and broke the law doing so) for the four years he was in office. This is a prime example of why the Federal Government should require every student to complete a US Constitution 101 class as part of their high school graduation requirements. If this was the case 99% of troll comments here would never happen.', 'It look like Trump going to get away with  what bid in Jan 6 .that is not right Trump should been put away For good .if someone bid what Trump they would be put a way .ever one who thing Trump needs to be put away say Thank u God  the one who do not want him put away the devil have got you and the devil is tilling you what to do. Devil', 'Are you guys not going to cover the Cuomo story?😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Trump is still the most important thing in CNN’s sad existence', 'Tax returns built on a Pyramid of lies.', 'Only a fascist cultists hit the dislike button.   ⬆️', 'He still exist ?', 'Chris - really appreciate your ability to provide a generous dose of humor along with the perpetual flow of disturbing facts regarding America\'s greatest POTUS debacle. I wonder how many times you have said to yourself, "I can\'t believe I am writing these stories that seem more like science fiction than something that has actually happened!"', "I think Republicans forget that Trump was named in the Panama Papers. He illegally held an off shore account regarding one of his condo's to evade taxes.....so have a lot of his croonies....(Putin). How does a billionaire only pay $750 for Federal tax?", 'Informative and entertaining as usual. Thanks much! ..PS I have also aged lol', '"Republicans suck at running a country"\n-Everyone globally with thought and reason.', "Democracy dies. When the media lies.\n\n- James O'Keefe", 'Billionaire.... No.... No.\nMillionaire. Yes', 'I love 💕💕 I don’t want want anymore of it to have been so hard do it again so if it’s all that makes you happy', 'Former once said, " The amount of debt i have, is a tiny fraction of my wealth ". That statement shows how much he understands about business . He likes to be the richest of the poor, but HATES being the poorest of the rich.  :(', "Setting this precedence opens Pandora's box. Why doesn't Pelosi share her taxes, now?\n..and Schumer, too?", '64.(19 basic message=wahid means oneness of God=abjad value 6+1+8+4=19)the initial individual letter of (alif,lam,mim) included in 6 surahs and each surahs contains total same letter which contains (alif,lam,mim)multiples of 19:surah 2=(19×521); surah 3=(19×298); surah 29=(19×88); surah 30=(19×66); surah 31=(19×43) times.', "Betting he's not rich but if he is & legitimately wealthy that'd be shocking. Another point--if his propensity for grift is as stratospheric as it appears then he could be rich but it's gotta be all ill-gotten. I can't see a man like him/family like his being wealthy from hard work & brilliance (unless u consider successful grifts, etc. as hard work & brilliance... then it's possible).", 'As awful as Trump is, what we need to remember is that nearly all the tax deductions he took were LEGAL.  This is not to let Trump off the hook.  It\'s to suggest that we need to be equally outraged at how millionaires and billionaires can legally get away with not paying taxes, through "charitable" deductions, loopholes, foundations, and counting wealth as "investment income" which is taxed at a much lower rate.  Trump is the SYMPTOM of a larger problem.', 'Time to lock this orange sewer slime up!!!!', 'Toxic Trump crime syndicate is a “Family” affair, with Ivanka the cherry, and The Don on top!', '🎯💯👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽💖💖💖⚖', "No. we won't until Congress is through with them.", 'Other than a cheating sumbag', "Why won't you guys talk about disgraceful governor Andrew Cuomo", 'Hahahahaha still begging for ratings 🤣', "He's paid very little tax within the law I'm sure that'll be it I think 😉"], ['We want to thank some of our European friends like Ukraine, Poland, Romania,Spain and Croatia for the help', 'Praying for Turkey i hope the damage done by the fire is soon recovered.', 'I am praying for Greece and Turkey, especially for all of the animals! Please save as many as you all can! Bless you all!', 'I am praying for Greece and Turkey, especially for all of the animals! Please save as many as you all can! Bless you all!', "The animals.  I can't help but be worried for all the animals caught up in these fires.  It crushes my soul.", 'I went to Rhodes, Greece in 1991. I noticed there virtually no trees or any other flora. I asked the taxicab driver why. He said, "Huge fires." History repeats itself but now it\'s even worse.', 'The reason why it spreading is that you never ever put water on a Greece Fire!', 'Italy is with you, my Greek fratelli.\nWe praying for Greece. God bless. ❤️🤲🏻', "If you're looking for away to help  the environment you can use ecosia they are a search engine that plants trees.", 'Fires threaten human lives, homes, and more in Greece.', 'Oh my God I hope these people are going to stay safe out there and do what they can to stay alive🤔😲', 'Good bless the Greek people. Much love from Romania. You shall overcome', 'Remember the days when everyone hoped for ☀️ Sunny Summer Days? Now the world wishes for rain 🌧 as the world 🌍🌲 burns 🔥', 'Praying for Greece from Albania… this is sad!', "I'm glad the we in Sweden has sent two aircraft to battle the fires. I hope they make some kind of difference! I remember how many countries came to our rescue a couple of years ago! We'll never forget the help we recieved!", 'Allah saves to us from these type of difficulties 😫😫😫', 'It’s happening everywhere, even in Canada 🇨🇦 the western half of the country is on fire 🔥', "Our collective house is on fire. Yet so many refuse to acknowledge it. If we don't snap out of this stupor of denial, we will cease to be.", 'For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. At the end of the day it has to balance out, pollution, over population, world is going to react some way.\n(PS: Not my coment).', 'The Greek Government Initiated Thes Fires. This Is A Pitiful RED Flagg Event. Money, Money, Money!', 'The state refused to provide license to business men for building in protected forest regions.\nIt is very likely that these fires are human made and not entirely the fault of the climate.\nExplosions of butane gas containers are reported and there is  a warning on all cell phones in Greece stating that you are not allowed in any forest at the moment.', 'So sorry, Greece and Turkey. Stay safe! Wear mask for smoke.', 'Heartbreaking and terrifying', 'The Greek Government Initiated Thes Fires. Red Flag Event To Enrich Government.', 'Imagine if every single monument will be ruined 🥺 History of the Greek Gods will soon be an ancient memory', 'I grew up in Greece and this clip saddens me to no end. Obviously, this isn’t just a Greece issue when there’s so many of these catastrophic events all around the world. There’s something bad happening.', 'God save Greece. Greetings from Poland', "Oh that's scary taking down historic buildings.  They survived sooo much already....poor animals as well", "It's funny that mother nature can slap you down. Yeh your NOT IN CHARGE. BOOM.", 'Who started the fires? The angry fire god who hates dry forests?', 'Its like everything shitty was crammed into the span of 2 years', 'I would love to go live in Malta again but it’s just to dam hot May til September 😔', "If the fire has engulfed that entire region which includes its neighbouring Turkey then why is Turkey's name not mentioned in the title of this video?", "Fire in Greece! Many people leaves from villages. The prine minister Mistotakis have shares in 'Terna company' this is  wild energy park. Him and Mr Gerapetritis the general minister the womens father is president and the owner of the company. This is a reason  fires is everywhere all of this areas because they want to make business. The situation is tragic the trees of Natura animal and bees  burns. The environmental  in Greece destroy everything", 'Looking at historical records, the *1987 heat wave* was much worse with substantially higher temperatures\nand many elderly dying in their apartments (more than 1,000 deaths). Not many ACs back then.', 'Lord Jesus, I pray for Greece and Turkey', 'Pandemic in a heat wave in total chaos and nonsense. Perfect combo if you ask me.', 'Now they know how it feels when your life in in danger and the only saviour that is left is a floating boat.', 'Please stay safe people .......', '...our ancient cities come and go, it is part of the cycle of life.', 'My heartfelt condolences to 🇬🇷Greece from 🇹🇷Tûrkiye. Be Safe Neighbour.', 'The lord works in mysterious ways \n\nYet heals as mysteriously \nGNOSIS', '**Amos **1:10****\n“**But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall devour the palaces thereof.**', 'Oof, good thing I already took my selfies there!!', 'I been bragging about the firefighting Tank noon as “Big Wind”. For past 2 years. Whenever stories of wildfires hit the news. The tanks were used during Desert Storm to fight oil fires. Well those tanks were made in Turkey! How come Turkey isn’t using them to put out their fecking fires?!\n\nAnd why can’t the U.S use them to fight fires. “Big Wind” definitely would put those fires out!', "the Parthenon is up on a rock Acropolis, hardly in any danger from fires.  out lying ruins and sites may get scorched, but they're marble and stone,  they will survive, they've lasted THIS LONG.   sheesh.    manufactured peril", 'I will  continue pray for you 🇬🇷 Grease and  🇹🇷', 'Here in UK, keeps raining all the time, if only UK clouds full of rain could move there to help... ☔🇬🇧', 'Why do you mock us lord.😳🔥💀', 'It’s quite a coincidence, but I was actually reading a translation of Herodotus’ Histories for the past few weeks before this happened. Herodotus speaks extensively of the (unsuccessful) invasion of Greece by Persia (more than a century or two before Alexander the Great would lead his own vengeful war of conquest against the Persians). A lot of the sites he records, if they haven’t already been destroyed (and many of them have), will probably be wiped from existence forever by these flames. It’s sad, but I fear inevitable with the passing of time and unexpected events.', 'about to have a clear signal for Wonder Woman', 'Saw this on Tik Toc and was surprised how bad the fires are.', 'Two Steps From Hell - Nero', 'Wow so much for those up homeboys open-mount Olympus😲', 'Same in Lebanon. All our region of southern Europe is on fire.', '🙏❤️', "Please save yourselves and your animals, and your forests. We've seen your historic sites and if they burn down, it's fine. You, the people and animals define Greece not your history. Please don't be fools. Run to the ocean or up into the Pindus/NE, etc. Forget your homes, resorts and cars.  Let the fire die but not the spirit of those who inhabit this land. So mote it be.", '👏   💟  , 🙏🇺🇸🌎🙏❤️may god bless all the 🙏holy spirited human acts now & forever🙏🇺🇸🌎❤️jesus❤️🇺🇸, i/we trust in you🙏🇺🇸🌎🙏amen🙏winnie🙏❤️|', 'Brutality of this place in history is bringing  karma in to level what this represents', "It's not only due to the extremely high temperatures, but mainly due to arsons and human factor in general. So many fires at the same time around Greece is not a coincidence. 🙏🇬🇷", 'Please please please help with temporary homes, pet adoption, clothing, toys, toiletries, manual labour towards clean or in any way you can. Pray for us', '5 They deliberately forget that God made the heavens long ago by the word of his command, and he brought the earth out from the water and surrounded it with water. 6 Then he used the water to destroy the ancient world with a mighty flood. 7 And by the same word, the present heavens and earth have been stored up for fire. They are being kept for the day of judgment, when ungodly people will be destroyed.\n\n\n\n8 But you must not forget this one thing, dear friends: A day is like a thousand years to the Lord, and a thousand years is like a day. 9 The Lord isn’t really being slow about his promise, as some people think. No, he is being patient for your sake. He does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants everyone to repent. 10 But the day of the Lord will come as unexpectedly as a thief. Then the heavens will pass away with a terrible noise, and the very elements themselves will disappear in fire, and the earth and everything on it will be found to deserve judgment. 2 Peter 3 5-8', "I'm telling you, the luckseekers started this....", 'Anyone who denies climate change at this point is fooling themselves and endangering others.', 'HELLO FROM TURKIYE , Sorrow in the  Hearts of  Turks :) we feel very sad seen these fires consuming both of our countries, these trees belongs to the World not only to the country where they are . let\'s join the Turkish "Tree Planting Holiday" every November 11 in Turkey , we should get every country to join in to this "Tree planting Festival" in their own country ,this  holiday Turks started is a very nice one. and 2019 they have planted 11 million trees in one day,  Trees are our Lungs, no matter where ever  they grow, let the love of tree ,bring the World together to be friend and  free. WE LOVE YOU, GREECE, TURKIYE :)AND Those who making comments of Hate for Turkish people,like many Armenians, and Cypriots, saying, "We are watching the fires with JOY, we HOPE entire Turkey will Burn" Armenians , we know they are ArManiac haters, but they use Greek names, I do not think Greeks makes fun of fires in Turkey. but in Cyprus, GreekCypriots do. we have tracked their IP addresses from America, (BlueCatIPam),76% comes from, Fresno CA, most Glendale ,Los Angeles where 1 million Armenians live, 15% are from Greek Cypriots, others 9% are from various countries, surprisingly only 2% is from country of Armenia.', 'Sad. Greece is so beautiful. 🌹', 'On a side note, this probably speaks a lot about my cultural ignorance, but spitting in the fountain at 1:41 seems very unsanitary to me. Unless it’s actually a public latrine, but it’s nothing like the ones we have over in the States.', 'GET READY THE TIME HAS COME REPENT 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥\n   GET READY!!!!!!!!!!', 'Southern Europe wants to become California', 'Greece will stand and win the battle. Everybody are preparing now.', '...the world sends its love to you all.', "It's reached the power station? Somebody save Robert Palmer", 'Comments scare me more than this video!', 'The Coming Disasters\n\n💥\n2 Esdras15:1-27 (Deuterocanonical Old Testament)\n"The Lord says, “Proclaim to my people the prophetic messages that I will give you, and then have them written down, because they are true and will be fulfilled. Do not be afraid of those who plot against you or be disturbed by their unbelief. Every unbeliever will die because of his unbelief.” The Lord says, “I am going to bring terrible disasters on the whole world — war and famine, death and destruction — because wickedness has spread everywhere, and evil has reached its limit. Therefore,” the Lord says, “I will no longer remain silent about the wickedness of these godless people; I will no longer tolerate it. They have murdered innocent people, and the blood they have spilt cries out to me for revenge; the souls of the righteous are constantly pleading for vengeance. Let there be no doubt,” says the Lord, “I will hear the plea of all the innocent people who have been murdered and I will take vengeance for what has been done to them. “My people are being led to the slaughter like a flock of sheep. They will no longer have to live in Egypt; I will use all my strength and power to bring them out of that land. I will bring disasters on the Egyptians, as I did earlier, and I will destroy their country. The whole land will be in mourning; it will be shaken to its foundations when I, the Lord, strike it and pound on it. The farmers will mourn because their seed will fail to sprout, and their trees will be destroyed by blight, hail, and terrible storms. “The world and the people in it are doomed. The war that will bring their destruction is very near. Nations will arm themselves and fight against other nations. There will be great political turmoil, with one group trying to overpower another and gain control, while ignoring the legitimate government. There will no longer be free access to the cities, because the struggle for power will bring destruction, terror, and total confusion wherever people live. Driven by famine and terrible suffering, men will assault their neighbours and mercilessly plunder their possessions. God says, “I am calling together all the kings of the earth to come from north, south, east, and west to turn back and restore what they have taken. I will pay them back with the same harsh treatment they have always given to my chosen people.” The Lord says, “I will use my power, and there will be no mercy for sinners; I will put to death all who have murdered innocent people. My anger has become so fierce that fire has blazed out to burn up the foundations of the earth and to burn up sinners like straw. Sinners who do not keep my commands are doomed,” says the Lord. “I will have no mercy on them! Out of my sight, you rebels! Do not defile my holy Temple.” God is aware of all those who sin against him, and he will hand them over to death and destruction. Terrible disasters have already come upon the world, and there is no escape. You have sinned against God, and he will not rescue you..."\n\n💥\n2 Esdras 16:8-16 (Deuterocanonical Old Testament)\n"When the Lord God sends disaster, no one can hold it back. No one can put out the blazing anger of the Lord. When he sends lightning, no one can keep from trembling; and when it thunders, everyone is afraid. When the Lord makes his threats, no one can keep from falling to the ground in his presence. The foundations of the earth tremble. There is violent churning in the deepest part of the sea. Even the creatures in the sea are in turmoil when the Lord makes his glorious power felt. He is like a mighty archer whose strong right arm bends the bow. His arrows are sharp and never miss their mark once they are shot out towards any part of the earth. He has already sent out his disasters towards the earth, and they will not miss their target. The fire has been lit, and it cannot be put out until it burns up the foundations of the earth. The disasters are on their way towards the earth, and like an arrow shot by a strong archer, they cannot be turned back..."\n\n💥\nEzekiel 14:12-20 (Canonical Old Testament)\n"The word of the Lord came to me: “Son of man, if a country sins against me by being unfaithful and I stretch out my hand against it to cut off its food supply and send famine upon it and kill its people and their animals, even if these three men—Noah, Daniel a and Job—were in it, they could save only themselves by their righteousness, declares the Sovereign Lord... “Or if I send a plague into that land and pour out my wrath on it through bloodshed, killing its people and their animals, as surely as I live, declares the Sovereign Lord, even if Noah, Daniel and Job were in it, they could save neither son nor daughter. They would save only themselves by their righteousness..."\n\n💥\nLuke 13:2-5 (Canonical New Testament)\nJesus: "Do you think that these Galileans were worse sinners than all the other Galileans because they suffered this way? I tell you, no! But unless you repent, you too will all perish. Or those eighteen who died when the tower in Siloam fell on them—do you think they were more guilty than all the others living in Jerusalem? I tell you, no! But unless you repent, you too will all perish..."\n\n💥\nRevelation 3:14 (Canonical New Testament)\nJesus: "I am the one called Amen! I am the faithful and true witness and the source of God\'s creation. Listen to what I say..."\n\n📖\nThe book of \'2 Esdras\' is in the original King James Bible version of 1611, click here to download the manuscript...\n📚\nWORD Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1KMiKqab6diI5Jn5nwxYLUQ0wSSbOREot/view?usp=drivesdk\n📚 \nPDF Doc:\nhttps://drive.google.com/file/d/1_1WJUoCmX-8xhALU1v324pHVflCmV1Qi/view?usp=drivesdk\n\n📲\nFor more, visit our Facebook Page:\nhttps://www.facebook.com/godstablebox/\n\nClick the LEARN MORE button for access to our Cloud Library of Deuterocanonical & Apocryphal Manuscripts, including some of the books removed from the original King James Bible Version of 1611...\n\nClick the LIKE button to receive feed...\n\n❤\nLots of Love', '😞   😔  , this is michael jaco talking if you want to go look for him and listen to his entire podcast.|', 'Grecce turkey  god bless us 🇬🇷🇹🇷🙏🇬🇷🇹🇷🙏🙏🙏', "We've maxed out Mother Natures credit card and we can't pay the bill.", "Kim brunhuber used to work for Canada's state broadcaster that is currently circling the drain. Is it him or the news stations?", 'But I brought a snowball into congress! Climate change can’t be real!', 'Heart  touching  ☹', 'We were at peace... Until the Fire Nation attacked us!', 'dear lord ! ok guys listen up its time seriously not playing around anymore if the military doesn’t act now there will be no turning back arrest them now!!!! the military must take action today not tomorrow today not tomorrow this is the last time i will help with anything next will be the force of god|', "See what happens when you don't sweep the forest, right Donald?", 'Keep having kids people', "In Northern California where I'm at there's fires everywhere. I'm not in a fire zone but the smoke is impossible. You can't stay outside for more than a few minutes.", "It's not the end of the world believe me you just have to have faith in things unseen and to see that it's not the end is something that is unseen.", 'Congrats on not having a clickbait title! Have a like!', 'Those historic sites will be fine. \nHyped headline', 'We need better fire equipment & infrastructure', 'Turkey, Greece under wildfires, lets help each other', 'DATME: https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', "it's going to ruin the ruins", "*1 Corinthians 3:13*\n“Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.", 'a real greece fire', 'Greetings from Poland to Greece: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', 'Good evening ❤️', 'Woow', 'good job fire ahahahahahaaa', 'Crazy reminds of the fire that happened a couple years ago here in ventura County. It looked like the world was ending', 'Where are their many Gods', 'Every day, fires burning everywhere. Entire town in Canada burned to the ground, so much fire the whole country is covered with smoke. Heat cooking fish in the water, clams on the shore. I have no hope anymore...', 'Wow', "Hello i'm Korean. I'm studying ENGLISH!!", 'when will humans stop poisoning ourselves?', 'And even worse many of the fires have caused by arson.', 'Pray for Stavros', 'i guess nobody reminded them to rake their forests.', 'Thnx to all coundries that send aid to Greece that is the real meaning of solidarity  and US that offer help despite the distance.\n All world is on fire. :(\nAnd dont forget guys to say a LARGE thnx to turkey that they send for assist during the fires 8 - F16 to disturb the FIR of Athens! ❤ TR', 'This is breaking my heart. 😢', 'Everyone has right to life liberty and security of person \n\nArticle3- The universal Declaration of Human Rights\n\nNo one shall be held guilty of a penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal office, under National or international law, at the time it was committed, nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed. \n\nArticle 11:2- The Universal Declaration of Human Rights', 'Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy', 'Cloud seeding is the key. Fight wildfire with rain.', 'Idolatry pagan worship fasle gods Zeus and europa seed of the sepernt; Olympus and Greek mythology 12 Olympian\nLuceifer has decived them ! Jesus Christ of Nazareth shall burn it all.', '😥', 'Whole Europe Africa in ashes', 'Clearly we are not denying climate change hard enough.', "3If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he blow the trumpet, and warn the people; 4Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. 5He heard the sound of the trumpet, and took not warning; his blood shall be upon him. But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul. 6But if the watchman see the sword come, and blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand.", 'APTTMHY!!!', 'Turkish dictator didn"t invest in planes to put out these fires, instead he build a multi million dollar palace for him self. When he woke up this morning he was saying i love my people. Gringe', 'Instead of lamenting for the climate change effects you could do something to start with right now: STOP eating meat. If you are not part of the solution you are part of the problem. Watch cowspiracy and seaspiracy in netflix.', 'the end is near', 'Pray for Greece from Turkey 🇹🇷❤🇬🇷', 'Such a shame', 'Βοηθήστε όλους από όλες τις πλευρές Γερμανία, Βέλγιο, Ιταλία, Γαλλία σώστε την Ελλάδα 😢☦️🇬🇷', 'Olmpyc Gods Response', 'We have lots of problems in USA but Black CNN look every where except homeland !', 'Time to let go of the past', "I've visited  to both Olympia and Athens and many other places on  Greece mainland and also the  Greek  islands over the years, its my favourite holiday destination. \nI really  hope no one is hurt by these fires. , this hurts my soul watching it, I hope the ancient sites are left unscarred too.\nBoth Greece and Turkey are beautiful countries and so are their people this devistation is horrific. 💔.", 'HAARP', 'MITSOTAKIS IS BURNING THE COUNTRY #MITSOTAKI GAMIESE', 'The Parthenon was/is literally the most beautiful building in the world, built 2500 years ago. It survived virtually intact until a few hundred years ago when it was filled with gunpowder, attacked and exploded. It was rebuilt badly 100 years ago, then 20 years ago it had to be dismantled and rebuilt properly. One block of marble to make a large lintel piece costs over 1 million Euros in today’s money.\nAnd famously a British Lord robbed all the statues and freezes in the 19th century. Modern pollution and acid rain is quickly dissolving the whole building.\nIt’s so sad that the most beautiful things get vandalised, and now it’s at risk of wildfire. 👎\n(Wilhelm scream!)', 'Allah help us first turkey now Greece', 'NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!! 😔😔😔', 'Somewhere Greta Thunberg is saying, "I tried to warn you..."', 'More wildfires this year then in recorded history every. Massive heatwaves all over the world, Lack of rain. Republicans - This is fine.', 'God, the God of us all, protects our world. Amen🙏', 'Why would God help us when we brought this to ourselves? This is our punishment.', '1980 Battlestar Galactica episode  1 . The Galactica found Earth . Boxie grandson of Commander Adama and Viper Pilot  asked a question . " How does Earth get together for its common good ?" Adama reply " It doest " 41 yrs later in real life the show still proves the same mess on this small fragile planet and divided still . Wars, pandemics , religions , nothing brings this planet together. So live your 1 life , which is short , the best you can, because we can only change or control ourselves .', 'For the people , praying in comments, your are one of the cause for this fire.... How much have you done for getting the global temps down?? \nThese comments of praying and shit just make me feel like you are all simply backstabbing!!', 'Those arsonists will burn it down like they did to the Notre Dame', 'Tear it all down in the name of racism!!!', 'Heat wave hmmmm dnf', "The original buildings are so ancient it's a miracle they haven't collapsed already.", 'Trump and Desantis did it.', 'Doesn’t matter how, (that is a continuing conversation)  the climate is changing and we all have to heed and address this serious transitioning and plan and adapt. Hey but it would help us all in the very long term.. (not matter what the climate movement issue is caused from)… not to rape the planet.. but that’s another, another discussion. Thanks for reading ✌️🤔✌️', 'Ένα πράγμα δεν καταλαβαίνω το ανεβάζουν που το ανεβάζουν αλλά δεν έρχονται να βοηθήσουν', 'Where is fredo Cuomo?', 'Ffs the world is coming to an end...', 'Nuclear Bombs, mother bombs, Intercontinental rockets, space shuttles ..... But not one can build a water pump or extinguisher bomb !! Humans around the globe are getting ripped by their governments.', 'Every problem from turkey 🦃 comes to poor Greece 🇬🇷', "in Athens the fire broke out because the Power Company responsible for cleaning the forest beneath the power lines hasn't done so in, forever. There is responsibility beyond climate change on this, but good reporting(sarcasm)", '"I\'m a Conservative Christian and I believe in angels and talking snakes, but I need to see more data on the climate change.  Derp!" 🤪', 'Welcome to climate change. We HAD 50 years to mitigate the affects. Now? Sorry. Times up', 'He said it would be, ...The 🔥🔥🔥🔥 NEXT time."  Believe in End Time much 🤔?! REPENT & turn to The Most High Elohim.', 'today in the world there are a lot of different climatic disasters. Already everyone can see they only increase and grow in their power. The only goal at the moment is to unite and build a Creative Society. An international conference called The Global Crisis. This already affects everyone was recently held where the topic of cataclysms and our consumer lifestyle is widely covered. Together, people can do a lot! In the Creative Society, human life is always in the first place. Join the project. Become part of a whole. Every person is important!', 'This is the end of Greece from now on', 'Aint that place sorrounded by rocks?', 'Athens has been smothering itself with car fumes for years; they had to introduce restrictions on numbers driving in the city.', 'Are. You. Kidding. Me.\nWtf?! I was JUST talking yesterday about how I wanted to go to Athens, and now this today, do places I wanna go just have really dry climates, or like?', 'Hey, but profits… yeah 💪🏼', 'Good job Antifa 👍', '👍👍👍👍', '"Nothing to see here..."', "Y'all finna gestroy tha Earf !!!", 'Invasion.....', 'Greece needs Turkey Bayraktar TB2 drones to help monitor and fight the fire. Do not be arrogant, do it before its too late.', 'Looks like Greece is getting the latest update version of democracy.', 'Maybe the reason behind it is the changing of the location….Ancient Greece versus Modern Greece 🤔🤔', 'Damn the fate of the historic sites, I am far more concerned about the environmental damage and the fate of the animals. \nWhen will the rich realise that there is no profit to be made from a dead planet.', 'It’s happening all over the world right now. Frequency and intensity are increasing.', 'Learn about climate. Read "Worlds In Collision" and "Earth In Upheaval" by Immanuel Velikovsky.', 'Oh look the old Greek gods are angry, I should go ask my father Poseidon on the matter-joke', "CNN! Keep your volume consistent! The international videos are all much quieter than the US content. Amateur channels manage this, why can't a billion dollar corp?", '*If I get what people think the thumbs up or down button are for — they serve as a poll to show your approval or disapproval about what is shown in the video — most viewers here are happy that fires threaten Greece’s monuments... 🤔 Interesting!*', '.#zZz#.⚡⬆️⬇️💀☢☣КОДОВАЯ КРАСОТА ИЗЛУЧЕНИЯ/ОТВЕТА НОСИТЕЛЯ!.ЭКСПЕРЕМЕНТ - УДАЛСЯ???!.🤣😂⚫⚫⚫⚫💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀⚡⚡⚡', 'The plot of Justice League', "Cool look like  the end of humanity is coming I'll grab some popcorn", "That's what happens when you lock people down.", 'Wild fires are in USA and CA :( Give up Greece and help USA now :(', 'Did she said "Celsius" ??', 'My house has 4 air conditioners they are cheap go to Walmart and get one Europe.', "Oh no. Do something. History is precious don't let it burn.", 'CLIMATE. CHANGE.', 'Looks like ZEUS is ⚡🔥⚡\nis not happy.', 'CNN probably started the fire.', 'We as a human race could have been driving electric cars, eco-friendly vehicles, homes,..... decades ago. We as a human race are evil. And the Earth is paying for it,.... and now,.... so are we.', "Though they made fun of the fires in Turkey, we won't be filthy as they're. I'm sorry for the forests.", 'Haha ... burn it all to the ground', 'The unvaccinated caused this fire', "Wow, 4+ minutes of a CNN video and no mention of Trump. What's up CNN?", 'Looking for a history lesson? Everything crumbles, its only a matter of time.', 'Guess GREECE should have invested on more infrastructure..!!...Like A well funded fire dept..instead of volunteers in T Shirts....And President in his Palace in Gold Guilded Chair...Perrfect..🔥🔥', '“Powerful Democrats”.  You mean Communists.', 'Turkey is on fire. The people are crying for help. They have no resources to save their own people. So what does the Turkish state do?… Continue bombing the Kurds. During a time where they have a lack of personnel, vehicles and equipment to battle this fire to protect their people, their army continues to fly their jets and attack innocent Kurdish people.\xa0 so that is by god.', '2016 A New Hope\n2020 The Empire Strikes Back\n2024 Return of the Jedi', "It's the Most High judgment upon the Earth. REPENT!", "This is just the beginning,  God's judgment is coming hard 🙏", 'The Bible says the first time was a flood the second would be fire.', '“I will heap on them one disaster after another,\r\n  I will use up all my arrows on them:\r\n  pangs of hunger, ravages of plague, \r\n  and bitter pestilence.” – (Deuteronomy 32: 23-24) –', 'Our governments hate Greece, they are not Greeks! And the people have short memory, they voted them again and again! I am very sad for the destruction of our homeland, we are alone and helpless!'], ["Michael Flynn watching this like: 'hrmm why can't this happen here?'", 'I can’t believe how wicked some humans are😢 I pray that God will disarm them and show them who’s the boss.', '25% of the world’s prisoners are being held in US prisons. But yeah Belarus has the problem.', 'Thank Goodness for the kindness of others protecting that girl', "Well done - let's get some documentation of the treatment of Uyghurs and Falun Gong in China as well, please.", "With the satellite technology the US has, it shouldn't be speculation at this point.", 'Keyword - “possible”', 'Speaking of prisons: Abolish the private ones:/', 'That this is happening in Europe in the 21st century is pretty stunning.', 'That’s what Hungary will do soon too', 'Thank god, for journalists.', 'The same think is happening in the US you boneheads!', 'This is why we need freedom of the press, so they can expose horrors like this', 'Coming soon to Hungary.', 'Prison Camps in Eastern Europe...where have I heard this before?', "It's not a prison camp it's a reeducation camp it's nice everybody's outside Luke's there the walking boss boy we're going to set your mind right", 'Those people are really special and in need of Delta', 'The more things change, the more they stay the same.', 'Authoritarian???? Dictatorship is the name', 'AWESOME', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'Great reporting', 'This place just screams "NAZI concentration camps 2.0" to me. The government of Belarus is repeating history.', '28.worker bee is female:(here "ittakheze" term indicates female bee in Arabic language) science recently found that(surah Nahal or bee16,verse 68)', 'We have one in Fort Bliss here in El Paso', 'How about the prison camps on the US southern border?', "Well for the situation of the prison camp you can imprison the body in the mind but you can't imprison the heart it is the strongest weapon against any disaster 🤔", 'Shasha the builder... has a trusty friend.', 'Bat’ko is really losing it…', 'The same think is happening in the US you boneheads!', 'These is what democrats wants', 'Prison camp? - Fake news! Lukashenko invited CNN correspondent to visit this location, that turned to be a military warehouse for air defense forces.', 'Wow now Belarus got his own Guantanamo 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', "That's why Trump wanted to keep Gitmo opened.", 'What\'s actually inside, not "possible": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4slTYm3orY :)', "Isn't Tucker Carlson nearby coping the blueprint", 'I expect that the nations who predicate peace and democracy, will do something for this.', 'Gee, I wonder why.', 'If they grounded a flight just to arrest a journalist, such a camp shouldn’t be a surprise.', "CNN, why dont you report on Americans sitting in prison for 'trespassing' for months????", 'I guess we know wholl be among the first occupants 😬', 'US republicans made authoritarians around the world feel safe.', 'I was picking mushrooms here?', "It's a non vaxxers concentration camp.", "Whatever bud, that's just a church camp.", "possible what? here's a close look of this army base: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4slTYm3orY", 'Here say. He was picking mushrooms there', "Some things, if they come out of your hand and become someone else's property, they will not return....💙", 'STOP MINCING WORDS!!! iTS a " RE-EDUCATION CAMP"!!!!!', 'Dude gave up Sasha.', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'Covid camps', "Bless her heart. Bless their family. Prison camps for anyone with a different political point of view is a sad reflection of Putin's influence.", "Well done - let's get some documentation of the treatment of Uyghurs and Falun Gong in China as well, please.", "lol, it's just an army base .... CNN lies ... again ... hilarious.", 'Belarus is the next Ukraine.  The vast majority of people there are fed up with corruption and Russian control of their country.  They want democracy and freedom, and deserve our help.', 'Belarusians need help from the Western world!  Russia also poses a threat.', 'And America is “oppressed”', "The United States has 25% of the world's prison population but only 5% of the world's population.\nThat would make an interesting story.", '🥴The USSR is back!🥴', 'I know this smell!!', 'More fake news from CNN.\nEither come up with evidence there are "political prisoners" held here, or delete this video.\nBelarus is a law-and-order democracy that simply does not put dissidents in prison.', 'All libs should be in it', 'С каких пор склад для военной аппаратуры стал лагерем для "политзаключённых ".', 'That does not look like a prison camp it looks like a concentration camp!', '🙋🙋🙋🙋', 'I don’t understand how a population will accept being ruled by an iron fist', 'Resettlement?', 'Thank for new fakes! Great job!', 'Great reporting.', "Belarus - clearly showing that it's a wannabe-Russia.\nI hope the people rise up!\nM 🦘🏏😎", "welcome back to germany'41", 'Ahhhh stop it now', "There's also Sergey Vereshchagin's case - it's truly horrifying.", 'Similar the microaggressions from pelosi and biden…..soon to be a dissident if you don’t agree with them.', 'Prison camp? Like Guantanamo?', 'No shock there', 'Why is this guy in London? \nI mean this is quite speculative but I absolutely see that something like a prison camp must be built in Belarus.', "That's what we need for the democrats", 'That’s nothing compared to the abuse that’s given in the us', "Atleast america doesn't hide the POLITICAL PRISONS.", 'thank you for covering this story. #FreeBelarus', 'Wow.... Just look at how many times CNN says "POSSIBLE", "We have no evidence" they even say "One anonymous intelligence agent I spoke with say it\'s POSSIBLE". You have no evidence of literally anything you\'re saying. You just show us some empty buildings and say MAYBE, COULD-BE??? You could also say " Belarus could be eating babies in the buildings we have no evidence though,"', '@cnn journalist is not competitive, he should investigate more , as it is military storage built in 1960s.', 'Just like China, giving those in Hong Kong who demonstrate for Democracy, 9 years in prison.', 'Remember the children of asyllumseekers: Seperated from their parents and shipped to places far from the border. Was Trump so much better than the government of Belarus. Tr', '"We followed the law.  I just wrote and passed the law yesterday.  Not to see here."- Alexander L', "48. Quran prediction of paraoh's body(surah10, verse92):by this verse,Allah promised that, paraoh's body will be preserved as a sign for all. Even now, paraoh's body is preserved in Egypt.", 'Cnn conspiracy theories 🤣.', 'This is a lie !!!  In Belarus, we laugh at your professionalism))) Shame on you (', 'Take a good look at this Democrats. This is your kind making camps', 'Guantanamo  ?', "They will report on it on whatever country is convenient for them, but never acknowledge it's happening all over the world right now including the US", 'Way to go Poland 🇵🇱', 'Fools', "Don't we have prisons in remote areas here as well?", 'Human rights violation', 'Опровержение этого фейка смотрите на канале АТН', "It's an arsenal lmao, the 25th arsenal of the missile and artillery forces of Belarus. It's been there since 1952.", 'CNN will blame it on trump', 'Lukashenka is a fascist. Lukashenka\'s grandfather by the name of Fencik was a member of Adolf Hitler\'s SS troops and wrote public articles like this: "Fascism is an advanced, modern phenomenon, fascism has replaced outdated communism...", etc. Lukashenka continues the work of his grandfather on an instinctive level. After Lukashenka came to power through falsifications and contract killings of his critics, he began to say that Adolf Hitler was a good man and his ways of governing the state should be adopted by Belarus. Lukashenka has publicly stated many times that Adolf Hitler is a good leader and he will take an example from him. \r\nLukashenka has always given orders to kidnap, torture and kill his critics. He first began to destroy high-ranking officials and ministers of Belarus at the turn of the 1990s-2000s, until 2010 he hunted all independent journalists who conduct independent investigations of his falsifications and contract killings, after 2010 he began to repress and destroy ordinary citizens of Belarus who publicly said something somewhere against his management methods or his shortcomings in state management. After the falsification of the presidential elections of Belarus in August 2020, Lukashenka has already begun to destroy everyone who wears the wrong color of clothes, hairstyles, or simply says or writes one word publicly against his power. Lukashenka is not the president of Belarus. He carried out a coup d\'etat in Belarus and is kept in power only thanks to the power structures that he built following the example of the "death squadron" of Nazi Germany, falsifications in the legislation of Belarus and constant purges of officials and civil servants in his ranks. We can say with confidence that Lukashenka does everything that looks like fascism, the mafia, a gangster dictatorship. Lukashenka has violated all the rights and laws of the UN. Lukashenko is Gaddafi No. 2, Saddam Hussein No. 2, Ceausescu..', 'I am from Belarus. I know this place. Its military base . This video is full of lie.', 'We hate FAKE NEWS!!! STOP FAKE NEWS CNN!!! Please!!!', 'THIS is what Assylum is for.  Not hoards who expect us to take in the whole nation.', 'Now do China', "It's amazings and then actually printed some real news.", "She's in Poland but she's not safe, sad but true", "Hey people. I'm from Belarus and I don't have problems here. Wtf is this?", 'By your logic all female Saudi athletes should seek asylum.', 'We are all white Europeans about the same culture. Belarusians have long lived as Englishmen, Americans, Germans, Poles, Italians, etc. Just a slightly different standard of living, income, etc. And in general, we are about the same. The language is only different. And small cultural holidays. But in general, Europeans are the same.', 'JAIL  the magas there !!!', 'How does CNN still exist??', 'Looks like we just saw the best new candidate for a MOAB strike💯', 'This is why we need freedom because it only that we can be free in this country', 'How does this surprise anybody. In Poland yet!!!', "I'm sure it's just a fun summer camp guys calm down", "Eastern Europe isn't a nice place?!?!? WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!?!?!?", 'FEMA Camps with Guillotines !', 'political prison camp in Belarus, why am I not surprised ... Lukashenko will be tried for crimes against humanity or better have the same fate as Ceaușescu', 'They exist in Canada as well', 'These type of camps were probably in Trumps playbook.', 'The people have to rise up..', 'Can we agree that the new term for “Yeah, we’re doing it” is “Fake news!”', "At this stage, should anyone take anything this garbage network puts out there seriously? Sad as this may be true but again, this is CNN we're talking about.", 'Us over  take them', 'Phenomenal reporting.', 'Keep on voting democrat and this is what the US gonna be one day.', 'Doesnt the US have the biggest for-profit prison system in the world? Lmao', 'Help us! Im from Belarus', 'Horrible.\n\nI hate all these evil people being in power 😐', 'undeserved punishment. and also Russia has the political prisoners which are under arrests due to falsified verdicts.', 'Looks nicer than GITMO. U.S. foreign policy pot meet kettle.', 'Another hitla orange friend.', 'The dictator is a threat to the international community. He hijacked an airplane, killed a civil rights activist in a neighbouring Ukraine, he keeps borders with Lithuania unmonitored so Lithuania is flooded with Iraqi asylum seekers... He is turning Belarus into North Korea!', 'Never listen to what CNN has to say. They always have an agend and tries to manipulate the people watching.', 'The bots and trolls love this video! Well done CNN.', "I could show you a few prison camps in the USA. They are not nice places, they force the inmates to do labor. I've heard that slavery is still legal in the USA; but only for prisoners.", 'Is that where Cuomo is going for hugs and kisses?', 'Coming soon to the USA!', 'Belarus is waiting for your apologies for this lie...', 'Fake News learned from Trump', 'What idiots, check reliable information and do not spread dirty slander!\nYou must learn truthful ethics from a journalist Anatoly Shariy.', "belarus' dictator lukashenko can do this, obviously, because putin has his back.", "Interesting. We have those in the US. They're called FEMA camps!", 'If.Dr.Abiy is made.accoutable as war.criminal,so must.be.Mr.Ibama.', 'trump admires   dictators like Alexander Lukashenko', 'And Far Right Poland is helping out?', 'be afraid of us, soon you will all speak Russian))))', 'YOUR VOLUME SUCKS FOR STORIES YOU WANT NO ONE TO HEAR', 'Trump world', "It's just a military warehouse with resistors.\n\nI like every idiot fooled by propaganda.", 'Like 1775, 1860, America is no longer the United States. It is Constitutionalists against enemies. Sides chosen ready willing able.', 'You are drowning people in lies and delusions! If I was Belarusian government I would sue you for this video! You humiliate the dignity of my country!', 'Take a good look     welcome to Trump World.     Seriously take a good look.', 'Hello', 'no vaccine passport?.. you must go to "camp"...', 'My butts wiped... Joe Biden', "After WW2 the whole world said never again (except for the middle east) and it's sad to see the world heading back to evil. China has concentration camps, now belarussia, what's next?", 'Fake news= ok, you caught us, but we’ll tell the people that we are lying to, that you are lying and they will believe us.', 'What was the author’s purpose(s) in writing this text?\r\n2. How was the text organized?\r\n3. Summary the text in about 50 words.\r\n4. What did you learn from the text?\nhelp me, please', 'It looks like a mostly peaceful concentration camp. Back to you Fredo.', "The irony is that most of Europe has been cracking down dissent over the past couple weeks but the media doesn't report those countries because it doesn't fit the narrative.", 'Every dictator has a special place for the people who love freedom, law and order. Only way for these right-wing dictators rule is the to rule by fear and punishment..', 'P', 'Hey It  looks like the Bidens US Mexico border. Nothing to see here.', 'Everyone has a right to take part in the government of his country ,directly or through freely chosen representatives\n\nAll human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.\n\nArticle 1-the universal Declaration of Human Rights', 'Trump likes this guy.', "This is all Trump's fault!", 'Jesus Christ died for sinners including you, repent and get saved or perish with the lost wicked world. God`s word is coming to pass, it will only go downhill', 'Why aren’t you reporting on Biden’s Covid infected camps at the border?', 'We have political prisoners right here in America CNN👌', "That's where they keep people who suggest government mandated vaccination passports.", 'В России тоже есть похожее место недалеко от Москвы', 'Coming to America soon.', 'Well in America, you get the feds and cops coming after you for putting up “It’s okay to be white” stickers.  \nSo, it can be worse.', 'Хе хе... https://youtu.be/Z4slTYm3orY', 'Don’t get on a plane!', 'Next they will tell us there is corruption in African countries...🤨', 'BUSTED. IM GLAD THEY FOUND IT. HORRIBLE', 'CNN 📺🤥 CNN 📺🤥\nFree Julian Assange', 'How about the ones in China?', 'cnn fake news?))) this is a military unit since 1954, you are lasers.  ha ha ha', 'This is the type of camps we need for the un-vaccinated and republicans.', "Be very careful USA citizens. If the extreme right continues on it's path, you could see the USA more like this in the future. People like Trump look to these countries leaders as a blueprint to his own agenda. Thank God there are still good freedom loving people on both the center left and right willing to stand up to this type of rule.", 'Chatting with my Taxi driver while in Romania on business, he tells me in a strong Romanian accent; "the Civid is all fabricated; Bill Gates and Donald Trump are the ones who fabricated it". I asked about Biden, he said; " he\'s like grandpa, old! He\'s a marionette, others are controlling everything". Said his favorite president was Bush.\nIt\'s always interesting to hear how other countries view the US.', '03:59 This is *TERRORISM* plain and simple.\nLukashenko is right to put these saboteurs in prison.', 'Smells like propaganda', 'CNN 📺🍌🐒\nFree Julian Assange', 'Every democrats wet dream. They would love to re-educate anyone who disagrees with them on any issue.', 'Oh, so maybe Tucker Carlson will drop in on his way back from Hungary?  He’s advertising for dictatorships right now, and all week, for Fox and trump.  He would love Belarus.  Wish he’d move there? 🙄', 'But no one wants to talk about the ongoing concentration camps in mainland china though lmfao.', 'Hey CNN, maybe you should give some coverage to the political prisoners being held without charges or bail in America before you worry about what’s going in another country! You do know what happened to the lying press at nuremberg the trials don’t you!', 'This is a fake, an ordinary military unit and a military arsenal', 'Shaolin style', 'Why is America keep telling the world about other countries prison??? America has the most prison IN THE WORLD', 'C-SPAN swamp democrat-controlled from top to bottom inside out', 'We have more guns than the power', 'Eastern Europe? That’s like saying, ‘signs of a prison camp in USA’ 🤦🏻', "7.photosynthesis (Surah 81:verse17-18);(Surah 36:verse 80) Only in daylight photosynthesis occur and in night(without presence of sunlight) it doesn't Occur .By a breath taking like procedure tree gives up oxygen and takes carbon-di-oxide .Thus, photosynthesis occur .Fire burns with the presence of oxygen .At dawn, in optimum level sunlight photosynthesis rate is highest.", "7.photosynthesis (Surah 81:verse17-18);(Surah 36:verse 80) Only in daylight photosynthesis occur and in night(without presence of sunlight) it doesn't Occur .By a breath taking like procedure tree gives up oxygen and takes carbon-di-oxide .Thus, photosynthesis occur .Fire burns with the presence of oxygen .At dawn, in optimum level sunlight photosynthesis rate is highest.", "Looks like Guantanamo Bay to me, doesn't the US have remote prisons also?", 'America has the biggest prison population and even the ones at the border is beyond capacity. No need to look overseas you can start here lol', 'Правильно Трамп обозвал вас- fake news!!!!! У вас нет чести!', 'I am a Belarusian, and this is just pure misinformation. Lukashenko does his torture in prisons in the cities, not in prison camps in the countryside.', 'How long will US and Europe tolerate this fascism?', 'close Guantanimo Bay', 'Wtf!? How can such a country be allowed to even play in the Olympics, what a horrible country to live in', 'Лукашенко сошел с ума. Не удивлюсь в скором времени расстрельным рвам.', 'If we can trust the figures, Belarus has 345 people per 100000 jailed. US: 698. Belgium: 95', '46.lowest point of earth prediction:(surah30,verse3).Here, 2nd word "adna" means lowest,minimum.We know, Romans gained victory against Persian idol worshipper at the lowest point of earth at the edge of dead sea.In this verse, Quran mentiones that battle area nearest of lowest point of earth. Besides, Romans victory against Persian idol worshipper also a Quran prediction (surah30,verse1-4).', '46.lowest point of earth prediction:(surah30,verse3).Here, 2nd word "adna" means lowest,minimum.We know, Romans gained victory against Persian idol worshipper at the lowest point of earth at the edge of dead sea.In this verse, Quran mentiones that battle area nearest of lowest point of earth. Besides, Romans victory against Persian idol worshipper also a Quran prediction (surah30,verse1-4).', "not like biden's gonna do anything about it.  it'll be just like he said with the genocide in china.   'it's just a difference in cultures'", 'This is a new Russian military base. They prepare to receive the occupation military as their president invited Russian military to occupy Belarus.', 'We need help of democratic countries of the world. USA, Europe, UN help to us please! 🙏✝🤝😫😭💗', 'How about for once showing the Biden border concentration camps CNN?', 'Send every employee from CNN there on a one way ticket please.', "The IRONY of this story is just breathtaking.  USA has the WORLDS LARGEST PRISON POPULATION (usa is 4% of the world population but makes up 25% of the worlds prison population) and has the nerve to even talk about another country's prison system.", 'World dictionary order 🐁 🌍🐷🌎🐁🌏 operative fast and furious 🐀🔪🔫🔫🔪🔫', "The Dems are jealous they couldn't build them here first.", 'Damn she looks sooo paranoid', 'Фейкометы. Сняли херню и выдают за правду для лохов', 'смехота', 'This is what Trump and his cult want in America. Authoritarian regimes always have prison camps, and even the best friends of the dictator may end up there. Just something to keep in mind.', 'Idiots we keep ours underground.', 'LADIES AND GENTLEMEN \nTHIS IS WHAT FAKE NEWS LOOKS LIKE', 'You should see the prison camps here in the US. And after the prison sentence you are barred from voting.', "I'm from this place. It's a military base, there's no prison. This base was a secret one in the USSR. There are still rockets, that's why there a re fences with hight voltage there. But there are no prisoners. Yet. I hope there are not. You never know what to expect from this government. 😳", '"Xi is a great man, he said the 21st century will be ruled by oligarchs and autocrats, democracy has no place in the 21st century, no joke" - Biden', 'Perfect place for Hunter & Co. to live out their golden years.', '23.uniqueness of fingerprint (surah75,verse3-4) tip of finger uniqueness even in twin.', "Like it doesn't exist in the US", 'How about first fix the U.S. prison camps and for profit prison system. Yeah? Yeah.', "A military facility bin the woods and the conclusion is possible future political camp? Makes no sense att all. I'm not saying Belarus might do it, the leap in this case is just out of proportion.", 'I never trusted this country after training one of my students a former two time jr. Olympic judo gold medalist in which he and his father escaped from here who advised me of what was going on there for years, this just brings further truth . But yes they live in Florida now and would testify to the same things going on.', 'Just getting the message out. Let me tell you about “hell” real quick. It is temporary personalized punishment for your sins. It can be 7 minutes or 70,000 years. If you shoot someone be prepared to feel the wounds and the emotional pain you caused. Do unto others. You do not need to believe me. Just REMEMBER. That might help a lot……Michael of big bull falls. I will spare you the details about myself you won’t believe. Michael should be enough really. Lol.', 'The Belarusian government has every right to do this.', 'About time for a NATO rescue mission', 'We are not far from having prisons for political dissenters here.', "This is terrible journalism. There's (admittedly) no evidence. News Channels are insulting sometimes. We're not stupid.", 'Free Julian Assange CNN 📺🍌🐒', 'CNN won’t report on China’s concentration camps... getting that Chinese 💰', 'World dictionary order 🐁🌍🐷👑🐷🌍🐀 to Guantanamo bay area shelter 🐀👑🌍🐍🐂', "So YOU KNOW ABOUT THE 4 ⭐⭐⭐⭐ Chinese General who is purchasing LAND in TEXAS AND OKLAHOMA.\nYOU WILL ALSO HAVE READ THAT HE HAS KNOWN FOR HIS PRISON INTERNMENT CAMPS ALSO. WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?", "Funny how y'all don't seem to care about the Uyghurs being rounded up into camps in China, but if it could possibly be connected to rUsSiA, suddenly it's newsworthy", 'That’s funny because there are actual ones in China. This is why CNN is a joke.', 'What about the Biden prison camps of immigrants in the US CNN!', 'Fast and furious operative word dictionary order 🐁🌍🐷🌎🐁🌏 free 🔪🔫🔫 free 🔪🔫 free 🔪🔫 to finish Mexico', "NATO's torture camps in Poland and Romania never a secret.", 'World dictionary order 🐁🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀🐀 to Guantanamo bay 🐀🐀🐀', "It's probably a paintball course. After all this information is coming from CNN.", 'Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'World dictionary order 🐁🌍🐷👑🌍🐀🐀 to Guantanamo bay area shelter 🐀👑🌍🐀', "UTUBE IS CENSORING AGAIN....I'm outta here!!..NO FREE SPEECH IS ALLOWED", 'All conjecture, supposition and assumption behind a click-bait headline, facts unnecessary  Typical CNN.', "Why doesn't CNN show pictures of the fences at the US border instead of other countries?", 'And here yall was talking about China. It looks like ever country is moving close to dictatorships.', 'We live in a world dictionary order 🐁🌍🐷👑🐷🌍👑🐀', 'Don’t give trump a retrumplikens any new ideas.', 'Non of this reporting suggest this is what CNN claims to be..even the reporter here actually says that. 😂😂😂😂🤩', 'Who cares', 'Another trump term and this is what America will become.', 'The Democrats have put this nation in the most dangerous situation it has ever seen', 'World dictionary order CNN 📺🐒💩', "Meanwhile, in the UK, our media reporting she's not in poland. She changed her mind at the last minute (I suspect she thought foul play was on the cards so took a basic security measure) and went to Austria, but yet cnn reporting she's in poland. The lack of facts on cnn crossed the pond months ago.", "This is definitely Trumps fault. He reactivated this kind of thinking, with his border prison camp bullshit.  Other autocrat and dictator regimes across the planet are mimicking his political ideations and aggression towards the vulnerable almost perfectly. There's no question at this point.", 'Distraction, as always.', 'Какой ещё психопат пользовался такой известностью в мире??!!!)))', 'Fake news...👎👎👎', 'Just is about Trump that has the Left terrified of him?', '22. Layers of wave in the sea with light absorption (surah Noor or light 24, verse40)At first sunlight come and divides in cloud into (vibyogor) and fell down in sea.we know, sunlight/white colour contains 7 colour light.In deep sea, there are layers of wave and each wave absorb different colours of light.Between two wave layer there is dark separating thin layer(science says it, not by Lucifer)', 'America is becoming a prison camp, and CNN is fostering it.', 'Пока белорусы молчат им уже построили лагеря) \nНу и котлованы под трупы', 'I can’t believe cnn is talking about things their own party is planning to implement in America', 'Do you trust Politicians? \nDo you trust the mainstream corp media?\nDo you trust Ffizer and other big pharma corporations? \nDo you trust corporations?', 'How come no coverage of the hundreds of political prisoners held in D.C. jails, merely for protesting, who were denied visits from members of Congress two weeks ago?', '*Fauci for Prison 2021*', 'wE FoUnD wEaPoNs oF mAsS deStRucTiOn', 'Запад, вам пора уже физически ликвидировать Лукашенко, работайте, братья западники!', "Do these people know that all countries have prisons? I'm not denying that it could be unjust, but are US prisons just? A little thin is all.", 'вас показали по ОНТ. это верх желаний и достижений. поздравляю:))', 'Typical right wing concentration camps.', 'Free Julian Assange\nCNN 💩📺🍌🐒', 'Агрофюрер строит концлагеря.', "That's one of Potato Joe's migrant child internment camps in California.", 'Ребята вы конечно молодцы, поработали что называется. Но назвать концентрационным лагерем армейские склады снабжения и припасов язык не повернётся. Это всего лишь военные объекты, и охраны там как кот наплакал. Априори не может быть лагерем для политзаключённых.', 'CNN 🐁 📺 CNN\nFree Julian Assange', 'This will be America one day if we silence our political opponents. We must remember that the first amendment protects the freedom of speech, regardless if it’s liked or accepted (can’t be threats)', 'Belarus has a problem with liberal elitists too.', "Everyone don't let this moment pass please make the best decision of your life right now by allowing God to come into your life by you praying to God everyday for his help in every decision of your life everyday and in every situation of your life everyday for I guarantee if you do this everyday then your life will get better, you will have more peace, you will be more successful, you will have more happiness, and all your dreams will come true that’s because when you pray to God then God will make all good things possible for you and you must not forget to read the “Holy Bible” everyday and a great place for you to start in the holy Bible is (Psalms 1) and everyday after that read a chapter in Psalms till you finish all the chapters in Psalms then after that start on (Proverbs 1) then everyday after that read a chapter in Proverbs till you finish all the chapters in Proverbs and after that read every chapter of the Holy Bible until you finish it for it will change your life in the most amazing way", 'This is prototype  for Trump  supporters  in U.S.    build  by CNN', "I'd love to know what the Coumos have on the higher ups in CNN. Y'all should do a story on that it'd be quite interesting....", '"Marriage is between a man and a woman and every state must respect that."\n\n-Joe Biden', 'Trump is soooooo jealous.  This was his vision of a great America... prisons for his dissenters... too bad he failed to overthrow the fairly elected government January 6, 2021.', 'Onlt 2 countries in Eastern Europe.\nBelarus and Russia.\nUkraine is a democracy country now', 'Awful. Imagine is the US had something like this. Oh wait they do', 'And here we have that a second Trump presidency would look like', 'This is not a “prison camp”. This is for the Unvaccinated. Does that change your mind whether it’s good or bad?', 'Exactly what America needs for the fools who resist vaccine.', 'So about Biden bombing in Samolia? Anyone? No ok. Just one of the poorest nations in the world and Biden bombs it. You would think after Afghanistan, America would just stop.', 'Belarus is what the RepubliKKKons want America to be like...Good luck..', 'មើលទៅដូចជាឈូងសមុទ្រក្វាន់តាណាម៉ូចំពោះខ្ញុំតើអាមេរិកក៏មិនមានពន្ធនាគារពីចម្ងាយដែរឬ?', 'Why are the western media so obsessed with this story ?!!!', "I think people should actually go over to Fox News and see what's really going on in America! Look at it and then do some research you'll see that it's true! Mainstream media is all they're doing is brainwashing people", "You'd wonder where they get all the money for these things. It's not cheap what they're doing you know. Who got paid? What's the general's take and how much did he give the other generals. There may be more generals than he knows. Dirty generals. Don't you just hate them? Screw you, dirty generals! :P", 'This is not prison for dissidents. This is military storage base which includes complex of  warehouses with ammo or parts for vehicles. The fence around object is weak for prison.', 'As if the US has no prisons in remote areas!!\nAs if the US has no secret / illegal prisons around the world!! \nHello Guantanamo !\nHello Abu Ghraib !', "Europeans especially the British people always talking shit bout the US nd American people.. now look just like the old Hitler days, Europe ain't all perfect after all... nd yea I know this is a different European country,", 'No matter how many people are in this one camp.... It is nothing compared to the millions we have locked up in the states.', 'Democrats bashing another country for incarcerating its citizens is a joke.', "Libs decrying a lack of free expression. You couldn't make it up.", 'Coming to America soon. Dis biden go to prison.', 'Political prisoners in Marxist America. 265,000,000 Americans uniting. 3/4 military supported Trump in October.', 'Gdyby nie Putin, Lukashenko już dawno by nie istniał. Ciężko jest oderwać świnie od koryta, skąd my to znamy….', 'No no that prison camp is in America for Biden’s opposition.', 'Safe in Poland lol.  That’s funny', 'AMERICA!  Pay attention closely because these prison camps for political dissidents will be coming soon to a town near you!', 'Typical CNN, do a report on a place with no evidence.'], ['"To all survivors of sexual assault, we believe you and we will fight for you."  Gov. Andrew Cuomo 2018\n\n"They\'re all liars."  Gov. Andrew Cuomo 2021', 'He should be in prison for the nursing home situation. People are quickly forgetting what crimes he committed last year.', '"The media are not your friends." - Fraido Quasimodo', 'Is CNN actually being honest?? So hard to tell. I figured they cover him up like the nursing home tragedy.', 'Yet Chris Coumo is on CNN still when he tried to smear his brothers victims', '"The media are not your friends."\n- Fraido Quasimodo', 'This must suck for CNN. Love it', 'Maybe this is a distraction from the real serious crime of killing the old folks in the retirement homes.', 'I thought CNN was the Cuomo News Network.  Last year you guys hailed him as a hero.', 'IS inappropriate conduct worse than nursing home deaths? Hold him accountable. Jail time son.', '"Media is your enemy bro, I know very well," younger Fredo said to bully Fredo', 'On April 2, 2019, Kamela Harris said "I believe them," in reference to four women who had by then accused Joe Biden of inappropriate touching.', 'great interview with this ex employee,  not one question about what she observed,  not one question about how he harassed her- probably because he never did? no questions about her allegation of him " hugging her" too long ? over 20 years ago,  why was she a guest ?', "I'm surprised CNN is covering this, I guess it's just too late to try to cover it up.", "🔴 CNN isn't speaking on the fact that Chris helped him.  He should be fired", 'Tara Reade would like an interview.', '"He knows that\'s wrong,"   Does he, I wonder?  Culture is a hard thing to shake, whether it\'s ghetto "disrespectin\'" or Italian _machismo._  Oh, there\'s (for liberals at least) woke-ness, feminism, laws on the books -- those all count for something -- but there\'s also family tradition, personal past practice, ethnic expectations...\n\nI think we might be surprised at how little "wrong" stuff people, particularly people in power positions, actually know.', 'She knew him for 25 years. At some point in their relationship, something happened. Why didn’t she just tell him to knock it off?  Really, ladies, grow some cojones and tell these stupid guys off!  Enough already. Stand up for yourselves AT THE TIME!  I’m sick of hearing about your problems YEARS after the event.  Let the hate begin!!  😝', 'Imagine this FLOG in a state Penn?\nHe gets to portray himself as some sort of Don figure so reap what you sow !', 'What about Grandma? You killed her and 15,000 others! 😡😡😡', 'Fredo is pretty close to HIS last scene as well. \n\nI like the "End of Fredo" scene in The Godfather 2 more and more these days. \n\nIt almost seems wholesome now.   \n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9NgnY9F9O0', '"When the chips are down, these; civilized people; they\'ll eat each other."', 'CNN spent the last year and a half covering for him...what does that make them', "Finally, CNN covers a news story without dwelling on Trump.  Except when Cuomo's brother is on the air.  I was going to start calling them the Trump News Network.", 'CNN probably knew about this for awhile. Acting like its new.', 'Cuomo announces resignation…😂\n\nYou don’t quit your job over something you didn’t do. \n\nOne tyrant down, more to go.', 'From the "news" channel that pumped this guy up while his brother the star host "advised" him. Turns out being a "cuomosexual" means nonconsensual.', 'Andrew Cuomo said: "These women are just too sensitive. They just can\'t take a group".', 'When someone does me wrong, I usually wait 21 years to tell on them. I also get plastic surgery, not only to pretend I\'m young, but to make sure everyone is looking at me even though I\'m old and I\'ve clearly had plastic surgery. I\'m also unable to form thoughts at a regular pace. My speech is labored and irregular. Lol the democratic party will eat itself from the inside. These "democrats" are too blame for the dummy republican popularization.', 'How long till CNN starts to demonize the victims again?', "They should have Don Lemon interview an accuser and then do that thing when he talks to Chris Cuomo while transitioning into Cuomo's show.", "Chris should be fired from CNN.He's covering for his brother the governor", 'Congress should Subpoena Cuomo so we can all watch for ourselves.. we dont trust this on/off reporting.', 'He got too "friendly" with her over 21 years ago? Wow!', 'Seems like CNN is searching for something new to run with, this gleams some interest, does CNN really care or is this about "viewership rating dropping endlessly, eating one of their own ?', 'I think his inability to accept wrong-doing demonstrates that he lacks the moral judgment to be a leader.  Acceptance and repentance are needed.', 'CNN protected this guy ! CNN is to blame ! 😂😂😂😂', 'Try defending your poster boy now CNN.', 'Wait ill distract everyone by telling them we can sue gun companies for every crime with a gun that happens that ought to distract everyone. Lol', "CNN's Golden Boy!!\r\nRemember when CNN was touting Cuomo and Avenatti for President  lol?", 'Come on CNN, lets hear what his woke brother thinks about this', 'why no investigation into biden and his kiddie sniffing ,one rule for one one rule for others', 'So when’s the next fluff piece on cuomo?', '🇺🇸 THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR SPEAKING OUT 🇺🇸', "Quiz: How many Facebook execs does it take to launch a smear campaign against a Cuomo accuser...?\nHey look, those personal details aren't going to leak themselves....", 'you hid the culprit...you enabled him and his brother...now playing the good guy now...f off FNN...', "I'm roughly the same age as the old jerk, and I learned a LONG time ago that what was acceptable 50 years ago is not necessarily acceptable now. In fact, I learned that a lot of it wasn't actually acceptable then, either, but the women who complained were punished for it. Time to wake up and smell the coffee, Cuomo, you old goat. Admit you're way past your due date and take responsibility for your actions.", 'The nursing home deaths meant nothing. But this, full of shady innuendo,will hold up?', "Sad ending to a brilliant career. I personally suspect a Republican hatchet job. One year ago his response to Covid in New York had him hailed a hero with calls for a presidential run. Now he's permanently destroyed as a politician.", "This never would've happened if New Yorkers had elected the rent is too damn high candidate.", "Let's not forget the REAL reason we're being distracted with these allegations. He is TOTALLY responsible for all those covid elderly deaths in NYC.", 'He hugged her? Gtfoh!', 'U.S.A.\nThe more you dig the more you find\n👌', 'Funny, pick the oldest victim to interview from the oldest case. Try talking to the 20 somethings that were groped post COVID.', 'This woman is SHAPESHIFTING on LIVE TV!', 'Come on CNN, attack Cuomo just like you do with Republicans.', 'This would have been better if Chris would have interviewed her hahaha 😝', 'Remember to help create the fear to fan the flames to burn the enemies you love.', "Imagine if Andrew and Chris were brothers that'd be really awkward.", 'Give this lady a Gold medal.', "You lost your ability to be all moral along time ago CNN I doubt very much you'll even discuss the countless accusations against Biden.", 'I BELIEVE HER/THEM. Like Trump, too much "smoke" for no fire. Once or twice might be stupidity or a misunderstanding. Ten or twenty accusers is definitely a pattern.', 'What about Chris helping his brother get away with all this?', 'He should be held accountable whether he acts or not. Stepping down doesn’t stop him from harassing more women or men in the future. If all they want is a resignation it seems suspicious. They should want total justice to the full extent of the law for what he did if it’s true.', 'See ya Cuomo!   Maybe Fredo will give you a job as his housekeeper!', "As a CNN viewer I am sad to see they got Chris Coumo off side during his brothers story, by filling it in with a CNN documentary. I always believed CNN covered everything no matter were the story comes from. Chris came on and praised his brother during the height of covered, so come on Chris don't cower away just say it as it is, people would respect you more for it. The creeps over on Fox News will  be having a party over the Coumo brothers, so show your strength and report on it.", 'CNNs Hero, Mam of the Year, Emmy Award Winner.... DELUSIONAL REALITY', "Why didn't you ask her what she thought about major CNN on-air personalities conspiring to destroy her credibility?", "Awwwww c'mon....give this story to his little brother to read!! We know you'll eat your own babies, CNN!", 'December 2000 :      Dismiss without prejudice, would be the right judgment.  By now, the evidence is completely dried up.', "So how do you feel by your coworker practically kind of cover up the whole story wonder what kind of situation you've been in to try to cover for him", 'Not one word from CNN about the female weightlifters podium press conference in tokyo silent on the fact that they had to compete against a biological male', "Leave Bill Cosby alone lady. You railroaded him and you know it's Why don't you go after trump,  Matt Lauer,  Charlie Sheen ETC.", "Bye bye little Andrew you're just the beginning", 'Damn! When will Hollyweird and CNN give Cuomo another award?', 'About damn time CNN does anything on any of this.It sure took long enough.', 'Justice for senior home residents that lost their lives because of COVID disaster', '10000+ dead people and there is crickets. Make someone uncomfortable and your gone!', 'There must be a big story breaking when little cnn a throwing their own under the bus.', 'Can we get Cuomo to cover these 😂?', 'She is “Just ONE” of the women!', "All these women thought they were 'the one' and found out they were not. That's the problem with single, often desperate women - everything a man does gets interpreted as a marriage proposal. Now this lot, headed by the one who wore the low-cut silky blouse with pendant hanging between her brəasts, banded together to bring down the governor. Spiteful, vengeful, hope-dashed women.", 'It is not right that a career ends because someone accuses! It needs to go to court and cuomo needs to pay the real price of conviction, not accusation.', 'Lol I wonder how Chris Cuomo is feeling rn', "Last night your Cuomo didn't even mention his brother and tried deflecting to another democrat.", 'Chris Coumo is not approving this CNN lady.', 'Funny how the tables have turned and now all victims are liars', "What????..CNN is no longer recommending Gov Coumo for President? Where's Fredo when we need him?", 'Isn’t speaking to the media about an ongoing prosecution case damaging to that case? So this person is cashing in on what she can get? All very suspicious 🤨', "This has been cnn defense of showing pictures of cumo kissing every one to make us believe that it's all innocent kissing you guys are fake news.", 'A normal person sits and watches tv with a bowl of chips, Cuomo looks like he would be chillin naked snacking on a bowl of fingernails', 'This is Fantastic', 'they all wanted tobe Mrs. Cuomo, but then realized there were 10 other wannbe Mrs. Cuomo', 'She lucky anyone wanted to hug her🥂🇺🇸', "I'm confused, he's being cancelled for being Italian? What's next, someone #\u200aMeToo him for gesticulating while talking to them? 🤨 Aren't there enough legitimate, confirmed, _objective_ things to take him down for to not resort to misinterpreting (possibly intentionally) normal Italian behavior?", 'Andrew and Chris Cuomo  lmust go.  CNN has enabled this smokescreen.  Democrats are better than this.', "Cuomo's little brother, Fredo, has had the same complaints about him but somehow had them squashed.", '😂 Why is cnn covering this story while Chrissy Cumo is denying it happened 😂 HYPOCRISY', 'So his defense just proves he has zero respect for boundaries.', 'Wow CNN actually reporting about a Democrat’s misconduct', 'What’s Chris have to say? Does he have a comment?', 'That harassment must have taken place long ago', 'They will eat their own', 'Bet she wasn’t interviewed by Fredo ?  🤗', 'You would have helped the rest of his victims if you just spoke up then . Shame on all of you', 'These Karen’s just want to get paid', 'The pigs gotta attack their own, "for good measure". (\'ey pigs)', "I thought she was going to speak out? She just gave her opinion on how he is. She didn't even accuse him of anything. That's weird.", 'CNN is part of the problem, they knew of the allegations but decided not to say anything. CNN betrayed all the woman out there, boycott CNN.', "One of the scariest thing about reading some comments on internet sites like this is, these people are allowed to vote. It proves that just having an ID doesn't guarantee a just election.", 'Strang how little brother is strangely silent. This sham of a station helped cover this mess up. Complicit at best.', "Cuomo is fessing up to being too touchy feely and he is right to be criticized for it.\n\nI would also like to point out that many times I have been hugged, touched, and received kisses on the cheek in professional settings from women.  Unsolicited and often unwanted.  Please ladies...stop doing that...it's awkward AF for a guy to be ambushed like that.\n\nMy rule is no contact with anyone in a professional setting above the elbow.  Handshake or a tap on the arm to get someone's attention if needed is the rule I have followed for over 30 years.\n\nI'm not taking a position on Cuomo's actions yet.  I haven't heard sufficient analysis of the AG Report. If he did what is alleged he should resign and be charged if it rose to the level of criminal behavior.", 'So the question is: Is CNN gonna keep Chris Cuomo employed at CNN given that he conspired with his sex offender brother, and admitted to advising him as to how to handle the accusations brought against him, and told called the Women liars?? CNN should follow the standard they have set for others.', "Don't forget about the audit!", 'Person 1) Afraid, Believes the Mainstream Media Narrative, Emotion, and has weak or barely any faith, demands Person get vaccinated or got to Jail), Person1)” Are you going to get vaccinated?”\nPerson, 2) Logical 100% capable critical thinking, understands Person 1 point of view but respectfully disagrees!), Person 2)” I think I am going to wait a little bit longer.”\n1)” Why are you being so selfish.”\n2)” How am I being selfish?”\n1)” Because if you get cover 19, you could give it to me!”\n2)” But you are vaccinated!”\n1)” Yeah, but I can still get it.”\n2)” So if I get Vaxed, I could still get it.”\nI)” Yea, but you should still get it because then you won’t pass it to me.”\n2)” So I should get vaxed, but I can still get it and pass it on to you.”\n1)” Well, yea, but you still should get it.\n2)” But you can catch it off of me, whether I get Vaxed or not!”\n1)” Yeah, but you should still get it.”\n2)” But Why????”\n1)” Because it is the right thing to do.\n2)” Who says?”\n1)” The people who make it.”\n2)”????.” * 2019, everyone was against Big Pharma, 2021, Big Pharma is GOD!  Wrong Wrong Wrong!.', 'Why in the hell would she be talking to CNN? They love Cuomo they put him on a pedestal.Run lady', 'Dont forget snakes eat snakes. Let them do it.', "She didn't like the way he hugged her once, 20 years ago, and he's supposed to resign over that?  Really?", "I'm shocked they left comments on... haven't read one yet that's positive for Cuomo or cnn", "I'll wait for the court cases to conclude before I decide if he is guilty or not.", 'Suprised the slimy Democrat got away with this for so long. Speaks volumes to his bedfellows.', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'Chris Cuomo, what do youbthink of these allegatioms?', 'Atleast Jeffery Toobin tosses it up supporting Andrew Cuomo.', 'His brother should interview her', '88k views in 3 days....if this was chris cuomo reporting this it would be 88 million+😂', 'Republicans have been saying this all along you guys are a little late what happened to the me-too movement wonder who paid them off bunch of hypocrites', 'Hugged in a close and intimate manner? Bro can we just focus on the nursing home scandal and send him to jail already.', 'CNN is covering this like a teenager who pulls themselves out of bed to go to school the week after summer break.', 'It only took CNN two days to finally post a video about this on you tube. 🤣🤣', "YOU'RE FIRED CNN", 'he wants the party must go on in his office', "I am sure CNN can exercise their media power to keep Cuomo in office and throw away all the accusers' voices !", 'another one falls into the trap, who is playing who? can only bring him down on his lack of insight into the female make up, lol', 'I think Andrew Cuomo, Might be the real life Dracula,🩸⚰ and His Brother Chris Is Igor. A True Horror Show.', 'When CNN turns on their own you’re screwed. Bye bye', "You know it's over when his Public Relations mainstay CNN is forced to fess up.", "LOL! Believe all women . Andrew Comos gone now its Chris's turn", 'You reap what you sow... 😎', '"It ain\'t the way I wanted it! I can handle things! I\'m smart! Not like everybody says...like dumb...I\'m smart and I want respect!”', 'The fact that CNN has done nothing about Chris Cuomo is something to truly be ashamed about.', 'can someone please make a music video to one of her folk songs with this footage^.', 'Fredo Should have done the interview', 'I wonder if Andrew feels worse about this or about sweeping grandmas ashes under the rug?', 'Can we have Chris Cuomo interview her for transparency?', 'Complaints should be made within 6 months of the incident, or thrown out', 'Coffee breaks are going to be VERY awkward.', 'look at anchor face...... 🤣', 'is "gaslight" the word of  the year?', "Where's Chris at?", "I'd like to know what the real reason was he and his long time girlfriend broke up.", 'Her voice is too deep to be a woman🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Why are you not doing this same story on Joe Biden.', 'we should walk around with signs, intrested and u know, lol', 'I believe her!', 'Cuomo just resigned.', 'Remove all the signs on the nys thruway and the tappan zee bridge asap now', "CNN- swept Andrew Cuomo's nursing home deaths under the rug\n-still employs Chris Cuomo who was literally gallivanting around outside with Covid\n-still employs Jeffrey Toob-in-hand", 'I remenber BIDEN called Cuomo GOLD STANDARD of lidership . Maybe Cuomo is going to get another GRAMMY AWARD for Gold standard', "I'm here for the backtracking and comments!", "These people all start coming out ,when they   did not lose his position with the nursing home. I don't belive nothing they say, maybe they wanting money. Andrew don't resign. I don't  like women who wait to come out about things. Don't resign, ted cruz did not  resign, josh jowley didn't  resign, trump didn't  resign. Trump came on tv and said grab them by the p------y ,nothing happen to him, they didn't  carry on like . When something happens said  it then, don't  resign", 'Not very much coverage of this vile man and this issue elsewhere on CNN. Anderson gave it about a minute and little Cuomo zip.', 'They had a spelling bee with Cuomo, Cosby and Dan Quayle.  Who won?  Dan Quayle, because he was the only one that could spell "harass" as one word.', 'This man must go now.', 'The cuomo smash brothers!\nOr\nCUOMO and Cuomo the movie !!😆🤣', 'This is the first "Thumbs Up" I have ever given CNN....I can\'t believe it myself.  lol', 'He should have said " I sexually harass everyone and do not discriminate"', 'CRIS COUMO LET YOUR BROTHER RESIGN LIKE YOU KEPT TELLING ATTACKING TRUMP, NOW YOU KEPT QUIET ASHAME', 'Tell these women  to stop wineinng, and get  to thinking of the  real problem  at hand which is  this pandemic. After the virus  is done. Then deal with  your problem.', 'C-SPAN Washington Journal Democrat paid operatives from top to bottom inside out', 'As your co-host teaches andrew how to keep power in office and keep sexually harassing woman. GG Cnn, how evil can you be', 'Give me a f-ing break.', 'What he did may not have been correct, but it may also not have been ill intentioned. I am a very professional serious person yet I still encounter men who think the can talk to me in a particular manner that I don’t approve nor appreciate.\nI believe it’s a culture that is changing as we speak, this movement of women saying “I don’t like this” is just starting and it’s up to this generation to raise our children to respect and expect respect from each other as human beings. I’m doing my part with my kids, but if I went out and filed complaints against every doctor I worked with in the past 20 years that crossed the line at some point a good chunk of them would have to resign.\nWhat I mean is that, we have to own our place in the moment, and change will happen. But it’s up to us to be clear about what is not acceptable at the moment that it happens not months or years later.', 'OOhn Karen was couched  very well before this interview. Karens are very Popular nowadays!  Specially the couched ones', "Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today.", 'They picked the wackiest one to interview for obvious reasons', 'She looks too old for Cuomo. His preferred age bracket is 18 - 24.', "4:18 Hey, most men behave fine. Don't lump us all in with Andrew Cuomo just because that's the kind of guy you hang around with.", 'What can you expect from the babies killer and LGBT promoter?', "y wasn't TChump prosecuted?", 'he is a democrat nothing will happen to him democrats are evil CNN will give the story a spin', 'Yet he still has his job.  His younger brother still has his job.  Even after killing so many elderly people.  Typical democrats.', 'Watch Breaking Points if you want a fair and honest view!!', 'So you have a report and trial by media - where is the actual legal process of criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and conviction? \nIs US law enforcement so impotent that all it can do is collate a report and then ask someone to step down ?', 'Men have been and still do all this to women.  I worked with a doctor that winked and stared at me and other women like he was undressing us. Thank god he moved away with his kids and much younger wife.  I was always weird out passing by him but he was loved by many.  No one would believe me if I tried to tell them he’s a predator', "why would you go to CNN? That's like escaping from Bundy and running to Kemper", 'Why so many dislikes? You people must really love Andrew Cuomo.', 'Her name is Karen - He is going to learn.', 'Yoooo she’s the new Max Headroom 👀', 'He probably should but remember in our country everyone has the right to legal due process. Hope and pray everyone sees the light and does the right thing. My opinion', 'All Coumo brothers are the same. Corrupy to the core. CNN is the perfect place to platform them.', 'I don’t believe you, ma’am', 'Wow CNN is actually reporting the news...', 'Off course all this girls are me too’s', 'Wow CNN is actually covering this? Are they actually doing reporting?!', 'Please look ad the video’s posted by cnn today. Look wich video has the most views.\n\nTrump magic baby😂😂', "don't forget to frame the whole story as as  republican talking point that is just an attempt to help trump\nThat card always plays well - tell everyone this story is only helping trump so you can spin it", 'Don’t forget how the media praised this man ! Let’s talk about the nursing home deaths also', 'He so thirsty.', 'The great United States has 1990s internet evidently… it explains all the bad behaviour, also very 90s', 'I believe the victims of Joe Biden and Governor Cuomo.', 'Where is chris in all this? 😂', 'Y’all really just find a way to hate anyone. Y’all know damn well if your brother was under major scrutiny from bad choices he’s made you wouldn’t be reporting on his downfall, nor would you not help him get through it. That’s real family. Especially those Italians.', 'oBjEcTiVe JoUrNaLiSm 🥴', 'CNN is complicit.  Totally.', 'It would be very interesting to find just one politician who says repeatedly I will not resign NOT go quietly and actually not resign and put up a fight. All of them seem to yell loud they won’t go then end up sticking their tail between their legs and running. Just Maybe, not this time because Cuomo after all is a New Yorker and they don’t tend to run away in disgrace. I am not saying he is innocent. I am saying it would be interesting to see one of them not resign and fight it out to the end.', 'Can’t wait to see the CNN fact checkers review this lol', 'What a brave woman.\nUnbelievable what woman need to be put through with these white privileged white elite so called “men”', 'A good witness would not trash the video encoder by using parallel contrasted lines as a videoconferencing background lol', 'lmao... Dude killed thousands of elderly people with his incompetence but him flirting with a staffer over 20 years ago is why he gets in trouble. Not suspicious at all.', 'What about the 15000 lives that lost in the nursing home because of Cuomo?', "I am Flabbergasted that CNN and the rest of MSM are reporting Cuomo's story as they love to protect the Dems.", "Where's narcissistic  FREDO?", "Inappropriate conduct should be stopped immediately, not years later. He should be held accountable for the loving grandma's and grandpa's who  died needlessly. He's fault.", 'The cuomo brothers - fraud and fredo', 'I never liked Cuomo but, after listening to all the charges, it is clear that they have very little substance on an individual basis. Most of them are reduced to being brushed because they were standing on a crowded stage for photos, etc. then there are the kisses on the cheek and hugs in public view which show no attempt to hide anything more than a poor but popular decision made by many older people such as shoe Biden himself who somehow finds a way to separate himself from the very same behavior by simply pointing his finger at others. People need to realize that this is a climate of hostility from women misusing the law to make claims that do not hold merit over time. They are using the discomfort the public has with sexual accusations to their advantage and thus skipping right over due process that would require real evidence and proof rather than a negative “feeling” a woman is going to harbor over things that did not go her way and trying to use the “Me Too” movement to skip the judge and jury application that should come with any accusation that is going to ruin someone’s life whether true. Now that women no longer feel like they have to prove allegations, they are now far more likely to lie in pursuit of revenge that is not relevant to such a case.', 'CNN cane out and attacked the woman calling them liars..', "US is more 'disturbed' by a hug in 2000, than an insurrection in 2021.  Sounds to me that someone wants Cuomo out of the 2024 Presidential race.  People have short memories.  He was the only lawmaker giving statistics and doing anything 'sane' about the pandemic for months.  How many people stayed 'on track' by watching his daily bulletins?  Italians give hugs all the time, even today in 2021.  Not harrassment, not inappropriate, not a deal.  Is America getting to the stage where hugging someone is more inappropriate than shooting someone?", 'Why haven’t the New Yorker put cumo’s victims on the cover🤔', 'Most likes cnn has gotten in 5 years!', "I don't believe half the crap they say about him. Have you seen his wife? These accusers pale in comparison.", 'Oh looky....Guess CNN finally vetoed Fredo.', "A lady does not visit a man in his hotel room.  Even if sex is not on her mind, she knows it is alway on a man's mind.", 'the Serpent biting its tail.\nDo you remember the campaign against Trump?\nLife is a Boomerang, are you agree Cuomo?\nME TOO', 'CNN IS DEAD .', 'hey remember when they said this was all a conspiracy theory made from baseless lies from Trump supporters????', 'Ha Ha, now CNN is turning on their hero.  I wonder if his brother is just as creepy.', 'In the year 2000! Now?\nBrett Kavanagh revisted.', 'Impeach. Screw resignation!  We want his impeached!!!', 'In more REAL NEWS XI-N-N will refuse to report...""CNN goes entire week without reaching 1 million viewers" LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'Cuomo won an Emmy.  Burnett should win an Oscar for pretending to care about his victims.', "People are not your property.  Good rule of thumb is to *ask* before you subject anyone to an intimate embrace.  Not that hard.  Unless you've entitled yourself to own other human beings 😒", 'Haaaaa, Fredo!', 'You guys LOVE TO LYING', 'Lol... Having a President like Biden a grouper calling out his friend & fellow grouper, Governor grouper...', 'He hugged me hahahahahahahha', 'how can he leave in the middle of a pandemic? ds,', 'The only thing that differentiates Cuomo from Donnie 45, is that Cuomo\'s a better gaslighter. Donnie just lash out and yells "fake news".', 'CNN interview TARA READE!', 'The Democrats have put this nation in the most dangerous situation it has ever seen', 'It was the way he was brought up.', "Yo what is happening to the victim's glitching camera?", 'I want to see them go after Italy and many countries in Europe where greeting with a hug and kisses on the cheeks are normal.', 'Wow, I thought you guys normally call these women liars. Now no? Will you retract the months on and on praising of the sexual deviant now? How embarrassing. Isn’t karma wonderful?', 'You know how I know that this did not happene because these woman look and act like karens', 'what a monster', 'CNN STAFF & MANAGEMENT DIRECTLY INVOLVED IN RUNNING INTERFERENCE FOR ANDY CUOMO & SMEARING WOMEN OPENLY ACCUSING HIM OF INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR. SOME CNN PERSONNEL ACTUALLY WORKED FOR THE SHAMED GOVERNOR AT SOME TIME IN THEIR LIFE!!!', 'Democrats love Cuomo', "C.N.N obviously condones this behaviour? One of their journalists had the green light to throw shade on a woman's sexual assault claims because he was family. Disgraceful at the least and criminal.", 'When will CNN start talking about Tara Reade?', 'Erin is getting plump, haven’t seen her since she went to cnn, unfortunate, was a cutie.', '0:51 That state trooper should put him in jail', 'What if he is found not guilty ? He should not leave office yet. Trump, Northam weathered the storm.', 'Flint still doesn’t have clean water.', 'Sorry cnn that Due process slapped you up side your head, how\'s it feel? Feeling good to me, are you going to hire him? The Cuomo team coming up next on CNN "THE MOST TRUSTED NEWS" I\'m just having fun, it\'s like watching Saturday night live, I would do it to if I got paid millions or $. Good gig.', 'Y’all still covering for murderers.', "Can't make a political working arena, a theatrical stage, with constant ... sassy, sexually charged comments, chatter, .... touchy feely , party bar flirtations? ..... Ridiculous behaviors ... from a grown up .... NYS dignitary?", 'This is …. Interesting', 'Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'Surprised this is being reported on . Bravo', 'Who helped him with that video?? They need to answer questions on their ethics.', "I guess the shine is off the Cuomo brother's apples, even the horrible CNN cannot sweep this under the rug to protect one of their own priviliged politicians.", "Don't wait with reporting sexual harassment, break the creep's nose and immediately report. Your personal integrity and your self respect are more important than your carreer. YOU are NOT the guilty party, don't ever let them put the blame on you!", 'How much did this one GET PAID 💲💲💲💲💲💲💲 wonder if he dated Donnie or wants to!?', 'The day reckoning is coming, and the Democrats sense their demise. It will be fun to watch the rats jump ship when the time comes. These people are some of the worst people in this country and we will see a bunch of turn coats to save their political career. Some will go to jail, and some will be put on a shelf forever. This is my prediction and I have been right a lot lately.', "why there is charges comes in play when person gets a higher post in politics .this is smart world no one can harasses anyone. i bet if he was not a governor he would not be charged for the this crime . just let him do his work also let finish his term. because public who voted for him doesn't care but some people who are his opponent in politics giving him trubble.", '#ChrisCuomo permanent vacation', "When's the next election anyway", 'I’m not a Cuomo fan but his his lawyer had some very valid points. This is looking more and more like a witch hunt and a plot to get him out of office. Sucks to be a white guy in 2021. Guilty or not, he is screwed.', 'I\'m sorry but SOME of these accusations are ridiculous, like for example "He touched my back" or he said "you make that uniform look good".  Am I to understand a man\'s entire career can be ended for something like this? The Me Too movement is going to take a backlash with ridiculous accusations like these. Not all of the accusations though.', 'How many creeps are there at CNN??', 'What a Karen', 'YAY GOOD bye CUOMO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', "All the people on here saying that he should get his day in court seem to have forgotten about what happened to Brett Kavanaugh.\nI wonder how many of them were calling Kavanaugh guilty before he got HIS day in court.     F'ing hypocrates.", "CNN allowed Chris Cuomo to have Andrew Cuomo on 11 times when they thought Andrew Cuomo was the greatest thing since slice bread. Now that he has nerm accused of groping 12 women CNN refuses to let Chris Coumo comment on his brother's behavior.", 'A lot of talk. Actual evidence please.', 'Is he going to jail now?', 'This woman typical southerner. 🙄', 'Cnn must be imploding having to report this', 'She’s lying! - Harvey Weinstein', 'And still nothing will happen.', 'Hero of the Democrats', "I haven't seen a single person credibly dispute when he claims he did it with everyone.", 'Lot of troll comments in here. Think for yourself.', 'Oh Danny Boy!', 'Freedom of speech, CNN. Deleting the truth?', 'Where’s Chris?', 'Can’t send him to jail you have to impeach him first', "Rotflmao, they should've had Chris C. interview her...", 'And why was she in the same hotel room with him??', 'From 2000 and it’s 2021 and she’s on tv 🤦\u200d♂️', 'DOES ANYONE TRUST CNN?', "Ok but where's the accomplice, Chris Cuomo? He's been covering for his brother and giving him advice for awhile.", 'When y’all gonna have Bidens accuser on?', 'Keep your hands and mouth off of people period!', '#fireFredo', 'I am just wondering if she ever speak to him personally about it since she knows him for 25 years.  What do we consider sexual harassment.  Does  that mean we cannot hug anymore?', 'I LOVE when the communists attack their own!!!', 'Why didn’t they get Chris to interview her?', "So y'all just gonna ignore Biden's accessor's?", 'He’s not, but most of us men do!  So use your words better.  It’s “ some men “. Not men.', '4:20 Max Headroom', 'CNN where is Scrappy-Doo?', 'Coumo needs to resign - President Biden is right to ask for his resignation!\nCovid', 'Russians behind this I blame them.', '25 years and your just now saying something???? Smh', 'What was this woman doing in the same hotel room as Andrew Cuomo?????', 'Where are all the female reporters covering this?', 'Chris sir, one comment pls 😂😂', 'It’s interesting how women tends to wait for so long and then suddenly everyone comes out .', 'We are all here to see Chris fredo aye guys', 'Bs! A man cant be a man today', 'Report in hand, NYS DEM AG did not pursue charges.  DEM politicians have yet to act on impeachment.  Talk is for show.', 'This video talks about respect and managers and being tough and blah blah blah blah blah but never once says a word about HOW ABOUT STOP TREATING PEOPLE LIKE THEIR SLAVES UNDER SOME MANAGER who is nothing but another person? That\'s rights, that kind of attitude gives way to all people who are undersome abuser like Cuomo being treated like slaves... and for "him" or "her" to be tough bosses is preaching that those in the "PLANTATION HOUSE" whatever "they" do is okay. And that\'s why he has abused these women. See. Before their allegations of sexual wrong done to them other people were treated wrong too - were treated like slaves. READ MY BOOKS available on Amazon . The plantation owner always thought those under him were his slaves he could do anything he wanted to, that he had the right to do to them whatever he wanted to do because he didn\'t regard any aspect of Godly morality.', 'Where is Fredo hiding', 'Why is she reading a note when she has been though it???', "That don't seem like a script to yall being read by her?", 'Nice distraction from the forensic investigation into the 2020 elections.', 'Chris Cuomo, where are you FREDO?!?', 'LETS GET AFTER IT!', '"I did not have sexual relations with that woman". \n-Bill Clinton, January 26, 1998', 'His only real out is to start identifying as a female.', 'GREAT UNDERRATED REAL AMERICAN JOURNALIST!', 'FREDO MUST GO!!!!!!!!!', 'I can fit three fingers in my lib brown eye 👁', 'Remember liberals, believe all women.', 'Typical democrats', "How funny it will be to watch CNN's Jeffrey Toobin explain to us how creepy Andrew Cuomo really is!", "Why? Trump got away with it. Didn't he?", 'Now do Tara Reade...', 'CNN running defence for Cuomo. Who would have guessed? 🤫', 'Fredo is incurable, humongous ego, bully mentality\n" All my accusers are fraud, wrong," Fredo will say during the interview behind the bar', 'Cross dresserrs? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Karen.', 'Yeah almost looks like CNN cares. When you don’t fire one of your anchors for his despicable attack on another of his brothers victims but instead give him full paid leave to coordinate his ridiculous defense this is MEANINGLESS.', "And just last year Don 🍋 proclaimed he was a Cuomo sexual on national TV.   Someone put a montage together of all the celebrities claiming they were in love with Cuomo. It's disgusting.", 'Clown News Network', 'If he was guilty of that crime, why didn\'t these women come out earlier and speak up? Were dey scairty-gals? "Boo hoo hoo. A man told me a dirty joke". These would-be Southern Belles make me sore.', 'Haha nothing trying to sort out the colours in this gray matter', 'They are lying republicans are paying them to lie', 'DEMS EATING DEMS!!! Yeeeeeeeeeeees', 'Where is Fredo?????', "Darn.. Why couldn't Chris cover this 😂", "This is pathetic.... sounds like he hurt their feelings! The left is eating their own...he must've pissed someone off!!", '“Turn back all of you to God’s help; practice loyalty and justice\r\n  and wait always upon your God.” – (The Prophet Hosea 12: 6) –\r\n\r\nWhere you and I must avoid all religions; even that of the pope and Christianity; because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets who continue to mislead us. None of them are sent by the Lord God, but only Jesus (in the name of Immanuel) for he alone is the Son of man and the true Prophet who was sent by God, to be always our one Teacher…\r\n\r\nThese are the words of the Lord God: \r\n“I will raise up for them a prophet like you [Moses] from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth.” – (at Deuteronomy 18: 18) –\r\n\r\n“Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: A young woman is with child, and she will bear a son, and will call him Immanuel.” [“God is with us”] – (The Prophet Isaiah 7: 14) –\r\n\r\n“If you have ears to hear, then hear.” – (Jesus, in the name of Immanuel, the Messiah, at Mark 4: 23) –\r\n\r\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\r\n\r\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\r\n\r\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\r\n\r\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \r\n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\r\n\r\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \r\nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \r\nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \r\nThis is how you should pray:\r\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\r\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\r\nGive us today our daily bread, \r\nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\r\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \r\nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \r\nAmen. \r\nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\r\n\r\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\r\n\r\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\r\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\r\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\r\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\r\n  \r\n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \r\n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\r\n\r\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\r\n\r\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \r\nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \r\nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\r\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\r\n\r\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \r\n\r\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \r\nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\r\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\r\n\r\n"Stay awake, and pray that you may be spared the test: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." – (Matthew 26: 41) –\r\n“However, when he comes who is the Spirit of truth; he will guide you into all the truth.” – (John 16: 13) –\r\n\r\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20)\r\n\r\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Thursday the 5th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', 'Lol another Karen, what was she waiting 21 years for?', 'Q.  Who do you want to be around Cuomo❓ \nA.  Your Daughter? \nB.  Your Grandparents?  \n\nChoose wisely.', "Why didn't Chris Cuomo interview her?", "It's about time to investigate Chris Cuomo for serial acts of lasciviousness too.", 'No longer a threat to Biden in 3 yrs', 'Don’t forget Fredo his brother', 'Witch hunt by a bunch of witches.', '12', 'Many women are accusing Biden too.', 'double standard', 'Only thing i dont want to happen is for women to start generalizing this as men bcuz its not. Its a very small % of men that do this.', 'Not sure Cisco’s webex should be proud of this feed.', "I don't like Gov Coumo, but for giving an uncomfortable hug is not national news.  I hope the guy resigns for other reasons, but an uncomfortable hug 20 years ago,  give me a break.", 'Just is about Trump that has the Left terrified of him?', "Well looks like Moe szyslak is in more trouble than he bargained for can't wait to see how this craziness plays out😂🤔", 'YAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY 💞🐰🐰🐰🐇🐇🐇🐇🐇🐇🐇', 'The left is eating the left..grab popcorn folks..', 'JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY O..F LIVING', 'They just looking for money \nI don’t defend him but they are crazy', 'Innocent til proven guilty.', 'So it’s 2021 and you wait 20 damn years because he overly hugged you I’m lost I think moving forward this powerful men do not need to be near any woman period then it will fix the problem limit contact keep a body guard with you at all times keep minimum contact a hand shake that’s it', 'Haha I 0 yrs what is  wrong with these women not gaining justice Immediately', 'Dude killed 13k senior citizens brining COIVD into nursing homes...if that doesnt get him axed nothing will.', "Interesting how Como and Biden responded to these accusations.  Biden were fewer and less significant.  And Biden was sensitive to the women's complaints and has adapted his behavior. Cumo is blaming everyone else. What was passable 20 yrs ago is not acceptable today.", 'Hahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahaha ha hahahaha!!!!', "my god, its no wonder no one listened to this kathleen rice back in march.  her replies put you to sleep because its like shes reading a novel to answer the reporter's questions she just rambles on on on on...jeezes...", 'I think I have had about enough of these two Cuomosexuals.', 'Have you ever thought of having 10,000USD \nFor free without u not paying any money to any scammer.', 'I can fit three fingers in my lib brown eye 👁', 'Na na na na, NA NA NA NA, HEY HEY HEEEEY, GOODBYE', 'I like Erin T-Shirt', 'Andrew is just like his brother.', 'She picked the wrong news station to come forward too because now her stories as no credit holds no water nothing if she’s going to tell them on CNN ,she’s done ! I believe Cuomo Over anybody that confine in CNN , And I know that’s terrible but it’s true', 'Trump and Biden got away with it.', 'Keeping his brother???????????????? Clowns at CNN.. I am switching!!!!!!!!!!!!', "Obviously there's only one good Cuomo!", 'Where is “ Fredo “ now ?', 'Old age home deaths?', 'If you are pro Government Union you can get away with whatever the hell you want.', 'Salty army is coming for ya', '😂 NY', 'Andrew Cuomo should be in jail.  Shame on CNN', 'Cnn “the most trusted name in news”\n-my azz', 'LET THE DRAMA GO.', 'I find it rather strange that these women only want Como to step down.   None of them seems to want justice for his so called wrong doings.  🤔🤔🤔', 'Elderly in the nursing homes!!', 'Cnn pretending they didnt try to cover for cuomo when the women first came forward.', 'Lies all lies . Stand up against these right wing accusers.', 'Lolz', 'We always failed to understand the feeling of people undergo rigorous pain.Often we mix it with Party politics and race.Cuomo has done immense damage to the heart and feelings of  his staff.Now we play politics and rights and wrongs has no meaning.If you have the connection, eloquent speaker,party backing and media support, nothing change the fate of the victim, they become a number and a history.Hope these people get justice.', 'Why did she wait so long? She’s know him 25 years and now she speaks out?', "They turning the frogs gay so I'm not suprised", 'This is a distraction from the nursing homes', 'Karen lmao 😂😂 lying', 'did he kiss don lemon bet that was hard', 'Surprised cnn is speaking on this', 'Need to investigate Chris aswell. CNN pretty quiet about him', "Cancel Culture will eventually run out of people to Cancel. And it will inevitably start to Cancel itself. That's what's starting to happen I think", 'What were you doing in his hotel room??? This shits tired....', 'Another Capitol Police Officer that was working on January 6 “committed suicide.” That makes four “suicides,” and four dying from “natural causes.”', 'and yet the BORDER remains open...... DISTRACTIONS !!!!', '"The Governor embraced her in a hotel room in a way that felt overly close and intimate". To start with, how old were you then Karen Hinton in December 2000, and did you appear in that hotel room in your own volition? Was that all? There was no struggle? He embraced you, and you didn\'t try to stop him? I rest my case.', 'I Cannot wait facts seen by cnn', 'Reptilian', "How did these women feel when he was being indorsed for president? And Avanatti. He's the gold standard?  Let's get a statement from Tara Reade.", 'Avenatti and Cuomo for President!', 'Hey cnn, where the hell have you been since the accusations started flying months ago? Now you were told to cover it, so you look like you actually care.', 'Where is Fredo with the Big cue tip having a blast with the Luv Gov on CNN Primetime??', 'It’s not being valued for being a woman. That would be laudable. It’s being valued as a blow up doll, not even a real woman.', '21 years ago... no proof nothing. But I guess we just have to "believe women". How about the woman who falsely accused the black man in Walmart of stealing her son\'s phone? She is a woman too. I guess people should have believed her too.', 'There should be a year on this it shouldn’t go back 20 years 30 years 70s 60s and 80s well I totally different than today look what they did to Bill Cosby at the time they accused bill Cosby it was that at the height of his career and back then I was a teenager and I knew they would do anything two actors for actors just said they get what they want it I wish they would just stop using the past against people we all did something bad back then', 'Why did these women wait so long?', 'Ooo look cnn now cares 🤣', 'funny', 'This mo fo ain’t planning on going anywhere! Demoncrats will change the subject to Orange Man Bad in 3, 2, 1...', "He's getting off easy... seeing that no one is coming after him for ALL the nursing home deaths.", "Don't you just love it when liberals attack on other people haunts them.", 'YOU ARE DONE CUOMO ✔', 'Where’s his bro', 'Living in America as a rich or powerful figure is a very difficult task, omg I woundnt even say hi to any woman if it was me', 'I went to school and majored in food tasting and lesbian dance theory I am a liberal and want all the hard working Americans to pay off my student debt I know us liberals is what’s wrong with this country and us democrats are totally destroying our borders jobs and safety because we stole the election and put a deadbeat old man in the ova office who undone all the good that the previous president put in place', "y'all need to fire Chris Cuomo.", 'Tara reade looks different', 'No doubt his brother knew what was going on!', 'Something is not right here. This feels weird uncomfortable. I worry for my children. Women better watch it because we can do the same. I really liked Andrew Cuomo why him yet they let a creep like Trump run the country. The world is crumbling.', "For all the gleeful republicans in chat: *this* *is* *how* *people* *should* *be* *held* *accountable* . Cuomo is not going to be shielded by other democrats because he shares their party.\nI still remember our former president's boasts to 'simply grab women by the p**sy' and republicans did not care: certainly not the news outlets, or the congressmen. Same with the Stormy Daniels hush money.\nI'd like to return to politics where accountability transcends political affiliation.", 'What the heck is all the pixelating about on the blonde woman? Is she real?', 'Only 1.3k views....interesting', 'It’s not his fault……. It’s just his hands!', 'Everyone has a right to freedom of thought; conscience and religion , this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief,and freedom,either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief in teaching ,practice,worship and observance .\n\n\nArticle18- Universal Declaration of Human Rights\n\nThe States recognize and respect the freedom and conscience of the individual to profess and practice alone or in community with others, in private or public , his or her religion , belief or persuasion in accordance with the dictates of his or her own conscience ,subject to such restriction as may be imposed by national law in the interest of defense , public order or public safety or the protection of public health or public morals or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others provided that such restrictions are reasonably justifiable in a free and democratic society \n\nArticle|X-Caricom charter of civil society', 'Just remember CNN are the people who told us that Michael Avenatti was God. LOL!', 'Cuomo Carma!', 'Where is Chris Cuomo?', 'I was waiting for "two weeks..  twooo weeeks"', 'Arrest the criminal', 'Im shocked that CNN has not turned off comments. They will. Soon.', 'Ohhhhh  lastly CNN is interested\nLaughable', 'Anyone else feel like Biden is next? 🙏🙏🙏', 'wait , so you want an italian to take into accountability his wrongdoings?. well you will wait forever', 'Where is cuomo brother?', 'Does anyone ever wonder if it was an attractive male celebrity that did this, or had an office crush on her, would Charlotte still say its sexual misconduct? I understand its an odd situation but I couldn\'t help but wonder because from her interviews, it seems having an office crush is inappropriate. Would it be different if it was an attractive 28 year old male versus 60? Because a 60 year old is "creepy", right? Anyone else wonder this as well?', 'Not many views for 3 million subscribers', 'Where’s Fredo?', 'Chris Cuomo needs to be fired over his ties to Andrew Cuomo.', 'My first LIKE to a CNN video', 'Criminal Negligence Network', 'Andrew Cuomo,Democrat?  Dont put Democrat in front of this guys name right CNN?', 'If this has been going on for 25years why is it only now becoming an issue? Not to belittle his victims!', 'year 2000 yall reaching', 'Why didn’t she complain to Bill Clinton at the time.', 'leftist msm biting leftist politician, noice!', 'Chris cuomo lmao', 'Believe ALL women.', 'Slippery slope !!!!  smh  I need to read report', 'He wasn’t taught right.', 'All these problems come down to abuse of power when it is a police officer, a Governor or the President of the country.', "Ms. Hinton is an awful person for coming out of the woodwork 21 years later trying to pile on with her stories. It's the same thing that happened to Justice Brett Kavanaugh and it has to stop. These women had the opportunity to complain but waited 20 years??? Again, awful, angry women looking for their 15 minutes of fame.", "Ask Fredo.. Where's frado?", "That's a duuude.", 'Where is Chris and my guess is he is hiding in the basement right now!', 'In a hotel room?\nHe seems sleazy ok i get it but still…\nHotel room?', 'Feminism rules, Masculinity drools!!', 'LOL JUST LOL', 'told  to resign before he has  been charged  by authorities ..what is wrong with this knee jerk generation?...', 'Joe Biden has called Andrew Cuomo the gold standard of leadership. Two of the same kind!🤣😂', 'His brother will not be covering this story', "only ones gaslighting in any of this is the chicks. are people supposed to think they're all nuns or something? just remember, as these drama queens wail and moan about how traumatized they are, that it's all about them getting unwanted hugs and kisses. HUGS and kisses. meanwhile, 50 shades of grey is still a best-selling book among female readers. what's that quote from voltaire? if you can get people to accept absurdities, you can get them to commit atrocities.\nalso, give max headroom his webcam back.\nyou all didn't push back when clinton was impeached even though that was BS. that what we wanna have: a country run by drama queens? whichever one can wail the loudest over the most trivial slights because no one in power has the balls to counter it and call it BS? absurd. how did the founding fathers handle these problems? oh wait they didn't have these problems.", "I'm not blaming her. But I am a 61 year old man, and I have to ask myself what is she doing in a hotel room alone with Gov. Como or any other man in the first place. Women and men need to be vigilant not to put themselves in situations which can be compromising one way or the other. Do I believe her, most emphatically. And why are not the people of New York gathered at the governor's mansion by the tens of thousands demanding that he vacate the premises IMMEDIATELY!! He should have been relieved of his office yesterday.\nPEACEFULLY.....I shouldn't have to say that but in this day and age I guess I should. you go up to the gov's mansion and without violence you park your sweet little butts right there and don't move and you scream at that house", 'An incident 21 (twenty one) years ago??????? WTF?????', '“Always never”? This kind of imprecise speech assists no one, brings nothing to the debate. She is a poor witness.', 'What nursing homes?', 'Both fredos need to go.', 'Biden: "I sat around and did nothing when I was V.P. & all the bombings and school shootings were happening and these morons Democrats will kiss my feet. Fools "', 'Who cares this happened years ago', 'Hope CNN will follow up on the sexual allegations against Biden,as strong as you are here,or is this just all show.', 'September 2000???? Bye - I heard enough!!', "What about Fredo's million dollar fee for helping Don Cuomo threaten vicims?", 'ALWAYS BET ON BLACK, LETITIA JAMES!!!', "I guess when the ratings are worth it your turn on each other you smell blood in the water and you guys actually have to make up some drama to keep your guys's show afloat what better way to sacrifice hahaha thy should have seen that coming..v", 'Bidens GOLD STAR govoner', "Bit late CNN why didn't Fredo do this interview???", 'Will Fredo do a segment on this?', 'Matt gaetz,Trump,Cuomo ,Kavanaugh & others being accused of sex crimes and still have their jobs  look trouble  now', 'Chris. Chris you there???', "What exactly did he do? because, if it's just the ciao bella kiss-on-the-forehead thing, that's a very typical Italian cultural behavior, and to accuse him of being a sexual predator just for that would be to accuse an entire ethnicity of being sexual predators, which is very racist.", 'The rats are starting to turn on themselves', 'Don’t know the reporters name here but she is always pissed off and has a sour face.', 'Good Coumos should go to jail, lol 😂 what an embarrassing situation.', 'All a misdirection play folks the real crime is murder', 'Completely blown out of the water that the clinton news network could actually cover this story!', 'CNN I will see you court and YouTube too', 'Bull shot! In my life of Careers: 90% of all male Bosses Approach You at Some Point or Another: Undignified in Fire Without Cause States: Your Job ,Career, Your FinancialSituation, Housing and Transportation often Rely on your current Employment Status. IGNORING LAWS MAKES YOU S BAD CHARACTER-CHOICE To Leed. Others When you view …these Crimes as Conquests bad choices. Remove him from seething victims.', 'I liked Cuomo until now, he needs to resign and unfortunately he’s not man enough to do so! He doesn’t deserve respect…', 'Finally, you have the temerity to interview Tara Reade..........oh wait.', 'He should not be tried in the media.  We have courts for that!'], ["How many times do courts have to rule on this? It's like the 4th time now.", 'He has a lot to hide!! He’s in big trouble!! His staff had been showing, a lot!! But now the IRS, has to hand them over!!', "No one innocent fights this hard to hide something. They welcome the investigation and chance to prove that they aren't a criminal. He's terrified.", 'He’s hiding something or he wouldn’t be trying to keep anyone from seeing them, it’s time to see what that is !!', 'He sounds nervous like Jim Jordan , he must have something to hide.', 'Trump since 2016-"I can\'t release my taxes because I\'m being audited."\nSDNY-"We have your taxes and they show you\'ve been a liar, a fraud and a cheat your whole life."', "If you've got nothing to hide, then there's no reason to keep on hiding it.", 'Pretty bad that I make roughly 50k a year and I’m still paying more in taxes than a multi millionaire, dontcha think?', 'FIRST HE GET\'S AWAY WITH EVERYTHING, BECAUSE HE WAS A, ONE-TERM POTUS!!. NOW, HE GETS AWAY WITH HIS CRIMINAL ACTS, BECAUSE HE IS NO LONGER POTUS!!. WHAT A TOTAL CROCK!!. AND, HE IS PLAYING THE "VICTIM AGAIN!". CAN WE PLEASE GET THIS CHILD HIS BINKY !!. \U0001f972😪🤤🇺🇸⚖🗽DOJ, DO YOUR JOB ALREADY !!.', 'What is that saying the Republicans always come out with ?\n“if you have nothing to hide …………”', 'One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We’re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we’ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.', 'We cannot be a country of "the rule of law" and let the most corrupt person in this country not be held accountable for his crimes.', '"Men holding themselves accountable to nobody ought not to be trusted by anybody."\nThomas Paine', "He wouldn't be publicly embarrassed if he had been honest, and forthright. He has a lot that he wants to keep hidden. The public has a right to know. He held the highest position in American politics, and he is accountable to the people.", "Someone doesn't want people to find out what we already knew", 'He always says it’s political when it comes to finding out his criminality.', 'The American people “deserve” to experience ‘the promise fulfilled’ …The  only POTUS (in a very long time) to run~from transparency. (Fire the IRS, if they don’t know what they’re doing)! ‘Two Peaches Trump’…is not exempt!', "This guy just wouldn't give up even when the supreme court basically gave the OK to release his taxes.", 'Man, that guy’s really trying to hide something.', 'I thought he couldn’t wait for people to see them, they are so “beautiful”, what a child! Lying traitor!', 'Trump: "Stop the world! I want everybody who is not nice to me to get off."', 'I seem to recall that “the swamp rat” said he would release his tax returns when he was running for the 2016 election. I should have guessed that he had no intention of doing that. Hopefully he will end up in prison or better yet get the virus and join the other 600,000 plus people that didn’t survive even though he had it under control.', 'Why, he isn’t being audited, and has never shown any proof he is being audited. 😂', 'He said he had no problem sharing his taxes. He always said that. So, share. Period', '"It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry."\nThomas Paine', 'FBI NEEDS TO DO THEIR JOBS AND BRING DOWN THE REST OF THESE CROOKS. THEN AMERICA WILL BE A BETTER PLACE.\t💖\t|', 'Will anything come from any of this? So far he got away with everything. Officers are taking their own lives after the trauma he caused and he still not facing any consequences.', "He's obviously never showing the returns. The IRS don't want to be exposed either. Meanwhile they fkn wit me over $2000 while I'm on disability 🤦🏾\u200d♂️", 'For someone who has nothing to hide sure is working hard to hide his taxes.', 'So sick of this freaking criminal getting away with everything , hold him accountable!!!!', 'His trail of BS had to come to an end one day - and that will be soon - a constant liar will eventually be found out ..', 'Just how many times can he keep saying no? Getting truly fed up of him getting away with everything', '33 forest avenue,  u have me crying in laughter...🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😆🙂😃😃😄🤭🤭🤭🙂', '"If I decide to run for office, I\'ll produce my tax returns, absolutely," Trump said. "And I would love to do that."  Con man.', '"Today, Donald Trump launched his fifth(?) legal attempt to make it so he doesn\'t have to do the thing he said he would do 5 years ago."', 'My HOA needs to get involved they will make him comply', '"I am really rich".\n"Of course I\'ll show my tax returns".\n"I\'ll show my tax returns when the auditing is finished."\nThe Second Coming is a liar. Wow!', 'This is got to be the longest audit in American history ! Trump knows when  those taxes are released the gig is up !', 'I can honestly say, if a government wanted to see my finances, I’d let them.\n\nNo I think all elected officials should have to disclose, or agree to place all investments into a blind trust, and debts and the debtors to which they owe money is made public. Assessing a conflict of interest is very easy to make then.', "They've been after his tax returns for years. If he's stressed out about it, what's he got too hide?", 'When trump said I’d love to show my taxes but they’re under audit it meant I’m never showing you my taxes..', 'He embarrasses himself on an extremely regular basis.', '"He doth protest too much". The fact he keeps fighting so hard to hide his tax returns clearly means he is hiding something major.', "He's always said, he's got nothing to hide, yet he's hell BENT on hiding them.\nHmmmmmm", '"We can\'t let you investigate these possible crimes because someone who sees the evidence might also break the law by releasing the info that you want to see to investigate on whether our guy already committed a crime. We couldn\'t possibly just arrest anyone who breaks that law instead."', 'The guy, who\'s always trying to show off his "success", won\'t show how successful he is .\nPriceless', '“Embarrass him?”  He’s already done a great job of that all by himself.', '*MY 18+ PHOTOS HERE* LIKEE.BABY\r\n\r\n\r\nYoutube: this is fine\r\nSomeon: says "heck"\r\nYoutube: BE GONE\r\nоднако я люблю таких рыбаков++', 'What part of "IT\'S THE LAW" don\'t you understand, Cheeto? Your return is now the property of the IRS, and they MUST, BY LAW provide any return, of ANY citizen, when requested. There is no argument.', 'Let’s put him in prison for tax evasion, then when he comes out will we finally be done with the goose chases? Probably not geez.', 'Trump has never even shown that he actually IS being audited.', 'He’s a private citizen, just release them and get on with it.', "You were gonna give them up before the election. He's already an embarrassment. Bet when  they show up your RE installment stalls, huh?", 'Oh, I am feeling nostalgic. That was one of his first lies as a politician.', 'Why isn’t an investigation underway into the Biden family? It’s amazing how if you stay in line during your political career that you can become a millionaire and untouchable. The real criminals are in Washington.', 'Everybody keeps saying "there might be something that embarrasses the former President". There may well be something embarrassing, since when is that a legal defense?', 'When Trump was the nominee, he stated clearly that he would release his tax returns if elected President. A legal argument can surely be made by asserting that this promise contributed to his election win.', 'I remember during the 2020 presidential debate, he specifically promised that he will release his tax return after the debate. Until now, he has never fulfilled that promise. Now, he says that any attempts on trying to get his tax return exposed is political.\n\nWhat are you hiding, Donny? Show us what you promised!', 'There is a reason that he is so terrified to share his shady financial information! \nLet’s embarrass Trump!! He’s been doing it for years and years!! It’s almost like we are helping him out!', 'The Godzilla wants to hide every thing and just get Government Departments to make statements and then he and the R People will do the rest. Lock the CRAP HEAD UP', "The IRS knows what's in there.", 'The artifices in the background of both correspondents are amazing\n Architecture remains as Art', 'Lawyers will prevail. In this country always. So the best outcome one can hope for is that dumptytrumpty will continue to spend gazillions on legal representation', '"I have nothing to hide, when they finish the audit of my tax returns, I will show them all" that was in 2016, I am still waiting as of August  2021, hahahaha', 'The supreme court already decided this case in the Democrats favor!!!!', 'Arguments are a mute point, congress has the right as stated in law. He will not win. As usual he believes he is untouchable,  time to show him he is not.', 'On behalf of all the Trump supporters, we appreciate the consistent focus & air time u continue to allocate solely to him…. Without you, i bet he wouldn’t have had a chance in 2016, 2020 & now 2024….. 🙏🏼🇺🇸', 'What happened to "I wish I could show you my tax returns, I really do, I mean, they\'re beautiful returns and I would love to show you, but I can\'t while this investigation is going on"?\n\nOh, that\'s right, he was just lying........again.', 'He promised to show his tax returns numerous times, if his taxes are spectacular he has nothing to worry about.', "conman who knows how to play the system extremely well. he's now about to give in now.", 'He’s scared to show his tax returns because he has something (many things) to hide.', "He just don't want nobody to see how poor he really is", 'Trump CLEARLY has a GREAT DEAL TO HIDE. \nNever have I seen anybody fight so hard to keep hidden something that will, in time, become public domain!', 'It would sure seem to be the act of a guilty man.', 'Living in fear of everything that one does. At what cost. The money you steal spent on staying out of jail.', "Nobody sues to hide their tax returns unless they're guilty af.", 'Trump is so predictable.He must really have something to hide as everytime someone goes after him he sues them.Hopefully,the NY Attorney General can find dirt on him before these taxes get turned over and Trump will be in prison by then.', '5 years: "I\'ll let everyone see my taxes as soon as I can"\nNow: "please stop, I\'m begging you".', 'The courts need to reject this case no one should be above from paying taxes', 'One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We’re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we’ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.', "It's about time he enteres this. Good luck!", 'Now they need to double their effort and get those tax returns double time. I mean double time !!!!!!!!! And charge him the print cost.', 'dear lord ! god said he was going to get rid of the evil ones. we are watching what god is doing the fall of china|', 'I dont understand the problem here. Democrats are helping him fulfill his campaign promise. This should be a bi partisan win-win. Lol', 'I never cared to see his tax returns, but now the bandit has me intrigued. What could he possibly believe needs to be hidden so desperately?', "The answer is NO.  It's time to release the taxes, donnie boy.  If you're the great businessman you lied . . . I mean claimed to be, you should be proud to share.", 'So, I am confused here. If his tax returns are so great and perfect, then why does he not show them and most of all how could congress than embarrass him for it?', '"how does it feel to live in a dying republic"', "That man is soooo guilty! He fights and fights and fights to keep his secrets. It just makes you wonder what atrocities and trickeries he's hiding.", '"Trump leans on crooked judge he and McConnell installed(for just this occasion) to provide him aid and comfort in his continued sedition". \n\nFixed it for you.', "I think it's more important to look into Pelosi's insider trading.  She's still in power.", 'I would love to see and average citizen take the irs on a goose chase for literally years ! This is crazy', 'Lol what a feckin joke.\nThe criminals wagging the law makers 😭😭', 'Why would he ask when he already knows the answer! More made up things so you have something to talk about!', 'If he has something to hide, so he is a crook.', "His argument is that they're trying yo embarrass him politically? My question is...how? If your taxes are up to date, up to mark and all in legal order, how can they embarrass him?", "I really have to say, those persons IN the treasury department are DAMN GOOD at their job of not leaking someone's tax return!  😁\n\nEDIT:  I also believe that any statute of limitations should be voided.", "I'm no detective, but people who fight this hard against an investigation, are usually guilty of something. The fact that he has done everything he can to obstruct every single investigation, should be a MAJOR red flag.", "I remember over 4 years ago a certain someone said if he won he'd show his taxes. Well, he won and still didn't show his taxes. And now he lost, and still fights to release them.", "🎶 you gotta know when to hold 'em \nKnow when to fold 'em 🎶", 'Just here for my daily dose of comedy, brought to me by CaNoN\'s obsession with "the Don".', "Let's hope they make it last up to Christmas , I would love to see this case solve on Christmas🎁", 'Dude is sickening, plain and simple!!!  What makes him think he is so damn special and better than anyone else, when All other presidents had to comply with that rule???', 'He braggs about how rich he is you would think he would want to show his taxes for bragging rights', 'Wait hold up I just want to savor that first line of this video. “Former president” just in case anybody needed a reminder.', 'How would the IRS miss anybodies tax details? I would start this search elsewhere, many of us would evade taxes if we could! We honestly would! Hahahaha...', "He doesn't want people to know how he beats the system. Ruh Roh, if our taxes can be seized,  so can his.", "I'm no detective, but people who fight this hard against an investigation, are usually guilty of something. The fact that he has done everything he can to obstruct every single investigation, should be a MAJOR red flag.", 'This tax returns thing has been going on for years..The judge should know that this is nothing to do with politics but the tax investigation of a very shady business man who mistakenly became president.If he’s under audit the IRS must suspect something untoward.', 'It would be justice for a sneaky, old criminal to be exposed!!', "He needs to be prosecuted for treason for his attempted coup on Jan. 6th, 2021.  If this isn't treason I don't know what is!!!", 'His tax returns will show all the money he paid for the golden showers in Russia.', 'The supreme court already ruled, He has to deliver all his income taxes.  Dont let come back saying he cant find them.', "i hope crooked donnie's lawyers r charging HUGE FEES ! MAKE HIM PAY ! why so ascared ?", 'In any civilized country, elected officials are required to disclose tax returns. But hey, this is America, the land of the free...', 'Crooked Donald’s crazy if he thinks that he has another shot at the presidency, but his kooky supporters may be even crazier.', 'Real gangster knows the amount of criminality in his business games.', '"If there\'s nothing to hide, why not show it?" Trumpers on everything except trump', "If there's nothing to hide, there's no reason to hide them. Period.", 'I love how CNN used the word "asking ". People rip into Cuomo ,but nothing  on Trump and Gaetz! This said it all.', 'EVERY EFFORT TO HIDE YOUR TAXES IS AN ADMISSION OF GUILT !!!', 'Guys guys, they are in audit.  He’s gonna release them as soon as that’s done with.🤥', 'Surely trump will just bribe whoever he needs to to prevent any transparency.', 'We already saw his taxes!\nWhen is he going to see a cell?', 'What is in those tax returns?,? The more he fights their release, the more we wonder how bad they are.', 'No wonder CNN,s viewership and ratings are down over 40 percent since bifen took office , we have a lot of important news that is being overlooked and  needs to be shown vs  Trump and his taxes which is old news with no value, unless CNN is out to help him get reelected again I see no reason to even give him free airtime .,', 'The more he tries to hide them, the more people want to see them. What is he hiding?', 'One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We’re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we’ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.', "We need tRump's taxes, and we demand to have them NOW ‼️", 'House to Trump: "No" 😁', "CNN has the vested interest I'm covering up anything to do with the irs including their own tax information because their corporate overlords want to keep the status quo.", 'knew he was going to block it.   he sure is fighting hard to keep them hidden', 'He must have something to hide. A huge something', "What ever happened to his he's the most transparent president in US history claim? Probably made up like everything else he's claimed.", 'For one guy to fight and struggle for 5 years to NOT SHOW his tax-declaration, the only question is , what shady stuff will it show ??\nWill it show that he has been paying the Wall, that NEVER was built , him-self 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣\nNo it will not 🤣\nBut its for sure illegal , thats a given one....', 'Wasent he supposed to release his taxes voluntarily? I could of sworn that’s what he offered to do when he ran. 🤔', 'This must be the longest audit in the history of audits:\nCome on donnie, if u have nothing to hide then man up !', 'The rest of the world is laughing at the US tying itself up In legalese trying to get something as simple as DT’s tax returns. #FailedState', 'The laddie doth protest too much, methinks.\nThere must me something REALLY incriminating in those returns.', 'New York Times should publish his Tax returns. Or misplace them to another news agency that will print them for the public. Watergate all over again.', 'The closed captions for this page are appearing as illegible gibberish!', 'Just remember, if the Dems lose the House again, then the tax returns are not needed.  So, this is simply another delaying tactic.', 'this is so stupid..seriously how long can you just keep going to court..for something everyone else does...It should show you how innocent the clown is when he fights to keep them hidden...', "Hey how is Fredo's brother doing in NY?", 'This is about obtaining proof that he cheated on his taxes and lies about his wealth. Also, Congress has a right to obtain someone’s taxes if there is a reason to do so.', 'Apparently, if you have enough money, or you can find lawyers willing to work for political promises, you never have to obey a court.', "Trust me, I've got nothing to hide, just ask my team of lawyers and this cease and desist order. Don the Con", "The Democrats don't need to embarrass the traitor.. He does a good enough job of that on his own. \n\nIf he has nothing to hide why fight it?", 'jeSuS my god chIllS run through me . It’S touch my heart how SIncere he hIS SpeakIng from hIS heart.\t🙃\t|', 'We really need a law that says that nominees have to release their taxes AND be able to pass a security clearance check.', 'Lots of hiding if this guy. School transcripts, taxes, etc, etc, etc!', 'What party kept repeating, ad nauseam, from 2016-2020 - "No one is above the law."  (Except for the people who write the laws)\t😜\t|', "These sorry ppl need to sit down. His tax returns are none of anyone's business.  He is a private citizen.  6 yrs Democrats have been harassing him. He was one of the best presidents we have ever had. I have never seen anything like this. No other president has been harassed like this. Congress has no right to see anything of his.", "He'll turn them over once they're properly doctored. these things take time.", 'Never has such an "innocent" man looked so guilty.', 'A student of Roy Cohn running his playbook well! Keep everything in court forever.', 'The law says, if Congress asks, you got to give up the tax records. Lock him up!', 'I voted for him and I want to see them.', 'If he’s innocent, what does he have to worry about?', 'Interesting!', "This fool has every bad coming his way, he's gotten away with his felonious was for far to long, karma wants her DUES paid", '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣\nHis golden goose is about to be cooked.', 'He can cry, "they\'re picking on me"; and its a defense?', "It's simple the IRS needs to simply say that due to trumps breaking the law while in office with emolument violations therefore in the future the IRS needs to get information to the legislature on how to fight this behavior in the future.", 'So before his election he said he would reveal his tax returns in line with the practice of previous presidents. As soon as he got into office, well we know how that went! So not only did he lie and turn back on his promise, but what is he so scared will come out?!', "He's not exempt from taxes or the law and order he so boastfully endorses, unless he's a person of interest of course!", 'Once again fighting hard to make taxes hide again - very suspicious..', 'He never EVER intended to allow his tax returns to be assessed.', 'Those lawyers should be careful, all the other ones have fallen....', 'Gotta wonder what might happen when the IRS concludes its audit.  And, gotta wonder how the indictment of the Trump org might affect that.', 'I am surprised he can still find lawyers to represent him', 'DT is worried about being embarrassed in court over his tax returns lol...he should be. Pay your taxes 45', 'HIS TAX RETURNS WILL TELL THE WHOLE TRUTH ABOUT THIS CRIMINAL.', 'That headline comment was about the most disturbing comment since the influx of the covid variant!', 'S c @ belly dancer, u R so on to something here...I love the comments we are a team..thanks all...😊😇🥰', 'Hope his lawyers got paid up front lol', "2015 I'm gonna release my tax records.\n2021 Asking the court not to release them.\nBy the way, he has not authority over any federal agency. His time is over.", "The only thing he's fighting harder for than the presidency back is  his taxes. 5yr audit that's got to be a new record.", "SO OBSESSED with TRUMP, that's LOVE 😘❤️😍", 'Perfect!', 'Nobody needs to embarrass him he does it all by himself every time he opens his mouth', 'Simple solution to this would have been to require all candidates for public office  - especially Federal positions  - to make their tax returns public before their name being added to the ballot', '"Shall" - the man swore on the bible, in front of everyone. He SHALL produce his taxes. And right now, after 5 years, he\'s still trying to not let that happen. He lied to everyone before day one.', "All rich people, (billionaires and multi millionaires) have found a way to legally be exempted from taxes. \n\nBefore y'all shout abt his tax returns, go learn how taxes work.", 'I hope for their sake that the lawyers are being paid in advance 😁', "This is how he drags stuff out and it has to stop NOW!!!  He has lied about his tax records since his first campaign and this is BS!!! It's time for him to be accountable!!!\nPlus is his biggest lines of BS!!!", 'If he don’t have anything to hide  turn them over. Lol', 'Sure, a "man" preventing his tax returns to be released is clearly "innocent." That\'s why he has kept on blocking them.', 'Actions of a totally innocent man😂', 'he will be really mad when they find how much he cheats taxes and any deals he makes , it is in the books', "The Democratic process is trying to work it's the human beings than a malfunctioning.", 'Why are they afraid to arrest Captain Bone Spurs?', 'He promised to disclose his tax records while campaigning - another promise broken (what a surprise) 🤡', 'If trumps taxes were okay, he would have published it by himself on Twitter.', 'Mr. innocent keeps fighting to keep his taxes from getting out. So GUILTY!!!', "He shouldn' be able to block anything after what he tried to do to our nation✌🥂🇺🇸", 'The whole world knows he’s a fraud.', "He knows what he's hiding, otherwise he wouldn't fight so hard to keep it from the light!", "The man and his family has cheated the US government out millions in taxes and he wants the charges dismissed?  It's time he paid.", 'Get that evil SOB and his 3 eldest !!!', 'In order to follow the money the tax returns are needed to determine valuation used for insurance purposes and for his taxes. Also needed to determine if there was and how much money laundering was done for Russian Oligarchs in exchange for loans secured by trumpf. Also needed to determine how much personal expenses were deducted on his business side to evade paying taxes. Also needed to look back on any sales to see if there should be any depreciation recapture. Just a few things to check.', "What's the problem unless you have something to hide. And we already know you do!", "The Mango Insurrectionist is scared. He's SCARED!", 'Ha ha! Every aspect of his life is being destroyed for us to view laugh and pray it all finally end his pathetic career', 'No ending this tax evasion investigation!  Pleas continue to do your job!', 'So are we going to Force Biden for his TAX returns?   whats going on here? 0.o', "I'll show my taxes, I'll donate all of my salary=BS.  No one has seen the likes of, in all of American history the absolutely worst Prez ever", 'Just as usual, Don The Con and his lawyers are asking a judge to violate the law.', 'Why the hell is the IRS protecting him? They should be going after him without congress intervention. I wish the IRS would send me another notice about my tax bill. I’ll tell them where they can stick it.', "The Strangelove that is the devil's light, and the fear of one's own demon shadow, the devil's arrogant shadow cast upon those below, the sadistic passion that is the poverty of human spirit. Grumblings and mumblings among the Les Miserable, let them eat cake yes yes.", "He's been under audit for SIX years. I'm no accountant but if people need to make your finances are in legitimate order for SIX years it seems like there must be a major issue. Screw seeing the tax returns, I just want to know everything about this supposed audit", "He is the poster of White Privilege! It's amazingly insulting!", 'Why would he care if there’s nothing shady to find 🤔?', "Here it goes again back to the Supreme Court.  I hope these attorneys like doing pro bono work.  I predict they won't get paid either for their work.", 'Then they have to release Obama’s bitrth certificate then', 'Wait a minute? Why would he be embarrassed showing his tax returns?? The way he talks, we all would be in "awe" of what we saw in his tax returns. You know, he is so "rich" and such a genius that he doesn\'t pay taxes.', 'I love how people actually think he’ll ever turn them over.', "If I was the judge I'd see that request, read the request, and then reject it right then and there. Stating we are sick of lawsuits to protect a man who tried to over throw our government. No more accepting these stupid requests. Its jamming up the courts from legitamit claims. It's just to buy more time so he can do more damage.", "What's Donny afraud I mean afraid  😁 of?", 'thank you we all apprecIate every thIng you do for uS! we love all who are doIng for amerIca!\t😡\t|', "Whether or not $oros is working for MI5 or MI6, he's still guilty as Hell.\t💛\t|", 'What is he so scared of? Seems like he’s hiding something that will really have him behind bars.', "What is he so afraid of?    He's a crook.", "Biden's weaponizing the IRS/DOJ  got Hunter off he hook and viceversa ..tittat \nThe Biden pass good for the first year or all 4??", 'I do not give a damn if it is called political! The Crook in chief needs a reckoning now!', 'Stop picking on poor Mr Trump. I am sure he just forgot where he put his tax returns. I bet they’re in a draw somewhere with his fantastic health plan (So Amazing, you wouldn’t believe) and this weeks infrastructure Bill.', 'Hahaha  time has come for the stable genius to be exposed . He fought so hard to retain immunity on January 6th. He knew that was coming if he lost his reelection. His lawyers  always appealed when the IRS wanted to release his tax returns. He said that he was the most transparent man in America. Why is worried  if he is clean? He promised to release them after 2016 election.', 'How about you just report on what he DIDN”T Do!!! Lol 😂', 'He really has a lot to hide .he has been audited for years which tells me that he has been a cheater for years . Poor baby 😫 gotta pay the price. Yeah', "He said he would show them several times. He is under IRS criminal probe....... I mean audit.  Just another lie. He doesn't want to show his lies theft and how many bankruptcies.", 'I didn\'t know "but it\'ll make me look bad!" was a viable legal defense.', "Our ex here in SA did the same for years...but now he's in overalls", "He's trying to hide things that is really already known. .", 'No one else in this country, gets to hide their taxes! Why should he be special?He has no right, to hide!', 'WHAT IS TAKING THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT SO VERY VERY LONG TO GET THIS PUBLIC SENATOR TO ARREST HIM BECAUSE HE HAS NEVER EVER PAID ANY CORRECT TAXES!!', 'Biden Son too need some advices about private deals!!!👌', '“Thank you for asking, Mr. former President.  No.”', "You can't look at my taxes I said I was going to give you!", 'So wtf why is the IRS holding off releasing his records after a week?', 'if his returns are on the up and up, and he is such a great businessman how could he be embarrassed by his tax returns?', 'Send in some bully and bully it out of him. He only seems to understand that kind of transaction.', 'But he’s still under audit 🙄', "He said he'd turn over his taxes in 2016. Gotta wonder what's in there...", 'Man..the Dems are really scared that Trump will run for re election.', "You know when someone is trying this hard to hide something , there's definitely some dirt underneath", 'What is he fighting so hard to hide?', 'Leave him alone mate. Ffs , you have got a nice gf , focus on that . I have always been ok with both sides but Craig seems a nice guy , just leave him alone', "why is donald sooo scared to let us see his tax return? what's he hiding?", 'Hahaha!!  You gotta ask nicely, Donnie boy!  Say please, pretty please, fetch me a Diet Coke and a Big Mac with extra cheese 😂', 'Did the mafia ever show their tax returns', 'How does he keep finding lawyers who are willing to represent him for free?', 'Why is this so important to cnn, democrats are so funny.', 'It makes me kind of jealous because the law always screws me', 'I like how they\'re only saying "it could embarrass Donald." as if he doesn\'t embarrass himself on the daily', "Doesn't make him look guilty in the slightest", 'The crook has a lot to hide!', "If there's nothing to hide show em and move on", "Make sure he's paying his fair share", "He doesn't want anyone to find out what a grifter he really is!", 'Get the taxes, expose the crimes, put him in prison, and save the democracy.', "He never intended to release his tax forms from Day 1 of his presidency. It may show possible criminal activity perhaps? Or that he's not as Rich as he claims to be.", 'Just a big distraction from the January 6th insurrection….', 'I hope they laugh this out of court. Trump is still getting paid by foreign leaders', "doesn't everyone know that the audit is not over yet??", "I love how all these commies in the comments are always worried about other people's money", 'What is he afraid 😱 that his base will know that he’s been lying about his worth??? What else has he been lying about???...Duh!', 'Get those Taxes. Come hell  or high waters. Shouldn’t take this dang long. He is no longer Prez.', '"To embarrass the Fmr President" - So even they know that there are things to be embarrassed about for the so-called Strongman.', 'Let’s see the taxes….FINALLY!!', 'Holding the ex-president responsible  for anything is like trying to put a cat in a bathtub.', 'Is.nt there a whistle blower to release those ? \nThey are either ok or they are not ....\nFor gods sake !!', 'the us court system is clearly pay2win', 'You cannot get him out of your heads. Hilarious!', "You'd think by now because he's putting so much effort to conceal his taxes it would tip off the officials that just maybe he's hiding something.  Looks like an obvious scenario to me.", 'It’s not political…it’s Financial. (Carry your own weight)…PAY YOUR TAXES!', 'I wonder Why he need to stop show his tax? Even republican wonna know this', 'If Obama hid his taxes like that, the trump crowd heads would explode.', "But didn't he say multiple times that he'd be happy to release them?", "juan o savin. said there will be a hand of god in this and i have been looking ever since and i truly believe that this is where his hand has come into play in this letting us know that he has his hand on this for us a god of faithfulness trust and i feel confident looking forward to what he's going to do\tvote my president donald trump\t|", "Meanwhile the CDC just ignored the supreme court's ruling that they have no legal grounds to extend the eviction moratorium. This is a much more important story than trump", 'Why does this even matter anymore?  CNN do the public a favour and start doing real journalism.', 'The court has already told them to hand over his tax returns 3 times. End the circus 🎪 not funny', 'Kingpins worst enemy, tax evasion!! No doubt,  100% conviction rate.! Done deal.', "He doesn't want it to become public? That's precisely why it should go public.", 'It’s all lies until the records become officially public.', "Why we all have to do our taxes and report everything if not we get bend over but this guy think he can get away just because he is Trump. That's mess up!", '"a transparent attempt to harass the former" occupant of the WH...but he\'s such an easy mark...\nI wonder what what$i$face-the-twice-impeached is sooooo afraid of? \n(nudgenudgewinkwink)', '🤬😡 2016 he said "If I win the presidecy, I will, positively show my tax returns" Remember that?  It\'s 2021 people!  Why, why, why, would anyone support this horrible man?  🖤 GRIFTER', 'What more proof do we need of his wrongdoings?', 'Well that was a surprise!', 'Trump wanting exemptions from the draft (bunions); now Trump demanding exemptions on paying his taxes and being audited.  Once a liar, always a liar.', 'Here we go they’ll tie this up in court for the next twenty years, courts and laws are a joke.', 'So shady. He needs to come clean instead of constantly trying to hide his unethical business dealings.', "Whether or not $oros is working for MI5 or MI6, he's still guilty as Hell.\t🙃\t|", 'We must see his response when they turn over his taxes', 'how long muSt thIS go on before the people Stand up and let theIr  voIce be heard?\t😃\t|', 'You know he’s guilty when he fights releasing his taxes.', 'Nothing to play out. Congress has law on side', 'What happened to the "transparency" Donald Trump said he would display before he got into office? Why does he feel like he should be the ONLY President in U.S. history to not report his tax filings as has been done forever? What is he hiding besides truth and justice and his many extra-marital affairs and money laundering?', 'The man who brags about his "success" is scared to prove it? 🤷', 'B-b-b-but they’re under audit. You can’t see it if other ppl are looking at it.', "So he's admitting that releasing these documents that he promised to release will embarrass him", 'WHY DOES ONE GO SO FAR 2 HIDE HIS TAXES ?', 'Such an innocent man who has nothing to hide', 'Think trump is absolutely right !', 'debate with biden:i prepaid my tax milion-million of dolar.that usd750 is fee.', 'Let me give you this sagacious advise, once offered by a wise sage: "what . . . do you have . . . to lose"', 'If T-Dump is the all mighty American, going after everyone and their emails, including Obamas taxes and birth certificate, why not let your taxes out. What are you hiding? I\'m not aloud to hide my taxes if the government wants them. "Believe me. Believe me."', 'The tax department should have every right to look into someone’s taxes. As for making them public so that the general public can have all the facts shouldn’t be necessary - only the departments that this affects should be made aware.\nAs for embarrassing him - it’ll only be an embarrassment if he’s done something wrong. I’ve never seen Trump embarrassed about anything he’s done in the past and he’s done some pretty despicable things!', "That is just the tip of the iceberg. It appears he has been doing illegal short sales as well according to my intelligence that I have gathered.  It would be wise if I were him to cover his positions before they place a hold on his accounts when these accounts get frozen. I wouldn't want to be a shorter and have your accounts frozen as that is a recipe for disaster.", 'This is ridiculous. If this was Joe public would he have the same privilege time after time. Produce the tax returns!', '5 years of audit?   This is the longest audit in history..', "I praise the day that I'll be able to go a full month without ever hearing that fools name !", 'I would lock-up His Attorneys as well .', "We don't have to go far alcapone I think if you do the crime you got to do the time and he hasn't paid taxes us As Americans who pay taxes he should pay", 'He cheats or lies about everything.', 'Wow ! There is no question that he has very important things to hide.', "That's great", 'Hahaha. No dude. What is dump hiding so vehemently?', 'moSt beautIful Speech I have ever heard!!!!\t☝\t|', "I'm Guessing He's Afraid He'll Loose Everything Since He Didn't Pay Taxes In 6 Year", 'Asking a court to get involve Congress job is not going to happen.', "Must be really juicy to have Trump fight so hard to keep them from being released. Can't wait to hear the details.", 'the level of corruptIon and groteSque fraud In the "electIon" IS only beIng SlIghtly touched upon.  untIl the abomInatIon whIch IS domInIon IS torn down, there IS no guarantee at all of real reform.\t😓\t|', 'Man! How bad could they be for him to fight like his life depends on it', 'It’s ok Donnie. 2nd amendment cures await you.', "My heartfelt appreciation to 69datageek on instagram and everyone who recommended him, his really legit and reliable in fixing refund delay, I'm a testimony to his craft.", "YA'LL ARE GOING DOWN P.E.R.I.O.D💋", 'What happened to cuomo in NY? Cuomo was your hero remember? Like Avanti was your choice for president.', "Nothing to hide I'm sure 😂🧐", 'If Hillary showed the emails she accidentally destroyed then he would in fact show his taxes', 'R E L E A S E 45 TAX RETURNS UNFAIR TO ALL A M E R I C A N S....THIS MEANS YOU!!', 'When a warrant for an arrest is signed. No one knows until AFTER an arrest has been made. I will believe it when I see it.\t💜\t|', 'how the rich live around the law, endless lawsuits endless money.', 'Trump knows once they lay their hands on his tax returns he’s going to jail for a long time.', 'If I was the judge, I would tell the bailiff to bring his doggone taxes up to me so I can show em to everyone myself!😏', 'A catastrophe from birth and you have asses\' ignorant to believe if not paid already pro bono if expecting his cheap as" to pay them when without a doubt will loose', "Gee, I wonder why? What's he trying to hide?", 'Damn never seen anyone trying to get his taxes from getting released. He is hiding a lot.', 'Scotland  has started something  , they are looking at starting  an inquiry into  the funding of the golf courses', "He's going to get away with it again.", 'But I have the best, most beautiful tax returns.', "How can you audit someone and pursued him with fault allegation which there were no proper proven and still ask for taxes records? how can his taxes records be proven when the all allegation against him being fault without sufficient evidence since 2016? I think,if the first allegation isn't true how can you expect from the other allegation against Former President? All these allegation based upon hatred. Democrats wants to see former President down. This will makes the country to lost her integrity because cases preached against former President haven't been regulated correctly, there's no equilibrium constant for balancing the equation, therefore, former President need to refused his taxes return. The way the case been hanging by Democrats since the beginning of 2016 about impeachment inquiry against President Trump is the same as this Texas records. How sure if Democrats actually saying the truth? If the first allegation is fault expect that the second or third can also be fault,but because they don't actually like him,they want to complicate things for him. This shows everything fall under hatred, so if the allegation insufficient of being prove than how will Democrats request for taxes records?", "If he's not guilty of tax fraud or what ever what's he hiding then. There is a law which allows Congress to see his records. SCOTUS needs to end this immediately.", '⌛🛎🧿🧿🔊The gigs up!!!', 'Nobody else gets away with breaking the law.  People are in prison for what he did, why does he get special treatment?', 'Definitely hiding tax fraud', "Bs... the IRS does literally whatever it wants to citizens  and you need all this drama to confiscate one old man's data? This is just a media distraction.", 'If he had nothing to hide there would be no reason for him to not want his tax’s made public.', 'They still talking about trump lmao 🤣', 'TAX EVASION', 'Im surprised he had to ask for anything.. yea why doesn’t Garland just come out and say “ he’s gonna get away with it all” \nWe all know if this was Obama he would have been under a jail already.. Trump is white he has a big base still you can’t lock him up or make him face any real consequences.. everything now is just to make him look bad.. “ ooh look we have his taxes look what he did shame” so what that dude lives in a 100 million dollar golf course home after starting a fire that ended up costing 5 lives at our nation’s capitol.. nobody has even knocked on his door and told him he was wrong!!! Wtf am i missing here??', "It's funny that cummo is being forced to resign, when the doj tells trump he was in office as president so changes of defamation cannot be carried out. What's good for the goose is the same for the gander. Democrats are so quick to trow  their own under the bus. What's going on with Matt, u see any republicans doing that. Noooooooooo", "Clearly, he's admitting his own guilt, just arrest him....", 'Why does he think he’s not going to get away with not showing his taxes because it will show how much he’s lied', 'A manure salesman with a mouthful of samples', '🤣🤣😂', 'Why would his tax return embarrass him? Isn’t it the best return you’ve ever seen? Aren’t the best people in the world working on it?', 'Well a bankrupt man is disqualified from holding office', 'What is he hiding .. make him pay his fare share.', 'The Fat Lady has been singing since November. & face it, No one is trying to embarrass the ex-president since he & his own family do a pretty good job of that themselves.', 'hmm he originally was claiming he couldn\'t release them citing they\'re under "audit" by the irs. now HE is the one asking the irs through a court to prevent the irs from releasing them.  in other words the original claim was complete nonsense as anyone with a clue already knew', 'HOW LONG IS THIS GOING TO BE ALLOWED TO GO ON……THIS IS SPITTING ON THE RULE OF LAW….', 'Trump promised to disclose his tax returns after the IRS audit. The audit is finished. Release his tax returns.', 'Show us what do you have to hide.?? Or are you hiding something?? Audit him….go public', "I mean if he doesn't want public tax returns public he'd try to prevent people from seeing it...", 'In other news the CDC violating the law has pretty much ended private property rights, something you will not see on CNN', 'They should just let it go. It’s all a waste of time and money. He always get away Scott Free.', 'Well, of course he litigates.  That’s his gig.  He is a criminal and after a coup attempt its time to look very closely at everything Chump!', "For someone with nothing to hide he's going to some length to keep them hidden.", 'Nope, if they can look at mine they can look at yours.', 'He\'s still using the "I\'m being audited" bullshit!?!....Really? How many years has he been "audited" now???...what a joke', 'If he decides to run will he release his taxes?', "Seriously, this is a delaying tactic. Don't the courts have the ability to stop him from filing about this issue for good?", 'There must be severe criminal information in the tax returns. Now here is more reason to get the tax returns and stop him from politics forever', '"we love being in the dark" - trump supporters', 'For the lawyer to use the word “embarrass” is very telling🤔', "He's got a reason for NOT showing his taxes ,  must be a bad one because he's benn fighting this issue for 5 years ,", 'CNN was exposed yesterday by Yeonmi Park, a N Korean escapee, on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast on Spotify. Absolutely will blow your mind.', 'How many times would a regular citizen get to fight this this is so fn ridiculous', 'Hell. Donald prove them wrong show them how  this has been a waste of time.give them ur taxes and make this all go away  you got nothing to hide RIGHT 🤔..🤭..🥵🥵🥵..🤣😂🤣😂', '"pretty please don\'t do your job by investigating our crimes" 😂', "It's all about a STALL", "I wonder when CNN will file for bankruptcy and stop spreading lies all over the world. And I don't say for Trump. For everything!!!", 'Since when is the government not allowed to view a criminal’s taxes? The guy paid $750/year! Either he’s a fraud or the tax code needs to be completely overhauled, or both. Ya it’s both.', "If he wants to run again, require the tax returns and don't stop badgering him until he provides them.  He's definitely hiding something.  Remember, he said he'd  show us for 4 years.", 'Just imagine if regular citizens did this they would be in jail.', "Hey CNN when are you going to cover Andrew Cuomo and his complicit brother? And you're network is also complicit", 'It’s fraud Capone was jailed for fraud gotti jailed for fraud so why not him any of us committing fraud we go jail nothing political about it', 'At this point everyone should be wondering what he is hiding.', 'Y’all really must love trump', 'Wait till the audits come out. Looking forward to it', "He doesn't want PEOPLE to see because he was told he HAD TO show them... and you can't tell a DICTATOR to do anything.", "He is trying to block his returns because it shows that he is owned by Putin. Pointblank. That's the reason.", 'Do you think hunters laptop will get the same treatment, or his firearm volition, or mabey the big guys or polise tax return🤔🤔🤔', 'In Chicago they have rebated him $1m, not going according to plan so far.', "Congress has the right to review anybody's tax returns. It's the law. Follow it.", "C'mon man....You said they were perfect 🤣 let's see um.", 'Democrats = destruction', "My God they haven't got those taxes yet !!!!", 'Please daddy, make the bad men go away!  What a snowflake!', 'SOMEONE SOUNDS SCARED OF THE TRUTH BEING REVEALED!....RELEASE THEM!', "It's crazy that every single other modern president has turned over their tax returns even joe Biden did... the reason why I can't stand Donald Trump is bc he seriously thinks he's above the law.", 'What is in those returns?  Is he actually using this to hide something else.', 'Wikileaks should publish trumps tax returns.', 'Every public servant should have everything available to the public. Their taxes, investments, and donators, should all be easily located for one reason: conflict of interest.', 'Spanky already embarrasses himself every time he opens his lying mouth', 'Trump really has a lot to hide. What do you have to lose mister X-45. Show your taxes.', 'The money he dishes out to attorneys is probably more than what he owes the IRS, lol.', 'Hey CNN when we you speak about youre friend gouverneur Cuomo?', 'Here we are talking about Tax return but it is the declaration of the New Yotk fake book say there were 2 accounting books so if the floor receives the tax return it will not be a reflection of the truth which is in the mystery book which contains the true truth', "He'll manage to politicise this as well. trump didnt come to drain the swamp. trump IS the swamp.", 'Ah Ha! That\'s where his millions of dollars he conned out of his followers is going. After all, most of it went into his personal business accounts. He\'s being "transparent" now, isn\'t he? LMAO.', 'He certainly has got something to hide .', 'Just keeping the ball & the money rolling  !', 'He still has attorneys???\nHis whole life was managed  by attorneys! This guy is so corrupt! Lock this guy up!!!', 'If he\'s "innocent" he should be willing to reveal!', 'If he has nothing to hide…..', 'King Trump got anointed to shield his crimes from the law. Thus, yes, this appears political. However, King Trump made it political!', 'Your in for a shocker Trump, first of all you no more in power, you don’t run the justice department no more,now you gonna realize you are in USA not in Russian,China or South Korea..', 'The auditing gambit was always an obvious lie.  The law states that, if congress oversite committee demands tax returns in an investigation, the tax board WILL present them and it matters not at all what the opinions of tRumps lawyers say are the "Real" reason for the house\'s demands.  Not a consideration.  The judge should toss this immediately.  It\'s all just another delaying tactic', 'If truth be told, in his own words: “...I’m fucked.”', "I'm sure Al Capone did the same, so what's the problem?", 'Still dealing with crybaby kicking and screaming about his taxes', 'So his goal will be to drag it out in hopes the GOP wins back the house and they scrap the request.', 'Whew', 'STOP THIS ATTACK ON THE RULE OF LAW……THE TAX RETURNS SHOULD HAVE BEEN TURNED OVER FIVE YEARS AGO……', 'Trump be like " I\'m still under audit"', 'Great defense', 'Any new news on Andrew Cuomo, oh mighty fair and balanced CNN?', 'IMAGINE the STINK trump would have made if SENATOR OBAMA had refused to release his tax returns.', 'He seduced people into trusting him by saying he would show his tax records. Just another grift!', 'Laura Coates is very beautiful 💝', 'Yeah end it, we all know the comedian is a skunk lol, nothing will come of it anyway.', '😞 people of america have no place to go, we must go forward! either america gets rid of the evil force or it falls by the evil force!|', 'The problem is, even when it happens it probably won’t show anything, and everyone will always wonder why he worked to hide it. Thats everything it always is. Nothing ever turns up despite proof. Its kind of like he is hiding it.', 'Just wait, until he starts grifting his base for donations for the legal fight to keep his taxes private...', "Keep Hitler Lite's feet to the fire on the Tax issue so he is not busy trying for another run for the presidency ... as his cultist wait with baited breath.", "Why do I have a sinking feeling that once it is released Trump will say it's fake but not show his tax return.", "OMG you can't embarrass him.", 'No one is above the law especially trumpo', 'He knew all along that he was lying about being willing release his taxes, and so did all of us. "Embarrass him"? He\'s been an embarrassment for most of his corrupt adult life!', 'What do you mean he has a point???? Full disclosure Presidential tax records. They should have and need to be released. The moment he went down the escalator he agreed to make them public.  The people need answers MAGA Moment moved heaven and earth for him. People donated to him he must be innocent or guilty not making his own rules.', "Of course he did. For someone who's got nothing to hide...he sure has a lot to hide 🙄 THIS GUY IS UNDER AUDIT FOR LIFE!🤭🤣\nBTW how's that counting going Arizona? Still Under audit? Lindell is hysterical! And delusional 🥴🥴🥴\n 🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄", 'Just jail him already.🙄', 'By the time they get his taxes the traitor will have already died', 'Trump: Could you do me a favor though?', 'He gave up the white house enough is enough', 'AMERICA asked for help when he was in charge. PUERTO RICO asked for help when he was in charge, he threw paper towels..', "Roll the tape about Trump's promises to release his tax returns and his excuses for not doing it.", 'Must be terrified of the public finding out what’s in them. What the hell has him this desperate to avoid them going public?', 'Why has Teflon Trump tried every which way to hide his tax returns from the public ? What is he hiding from us ? All presidents since Nixon have voluntarily revealed their personal tax  returns. (Remember how Al Capone met his comeuppance, and then was beaten to a pulp in jail by his fellow inmates ?)', 'Teapot Dome!', 'Get this crook taxes and let us know what he is doing and done.\n\nWe pay taxes and every other president has shown there taxes why not his.\n\nShow us', "I'm still looking for a betrayed Kurdish fighter make this whole topic moot.", "Dam! They may as well leave it alone! I wonder if I can do what he's been doing for so many years!! This is just outrageous!! Lock his A away!!", 'Donnys Taxes more complicated than Amazon and ford combined.', "Trump's tax returns may show information on how much & how many times he violated the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution - cannot believe any Court would refuse. We REALLY need to STIFLE this guy once & for all before the country runs out of Advil...🤕", 'Sue for deformation that’s all you do personal lawsuits', 'In the background there is the House\n Back of House\n !MOD¡', 'In the light of the ongoing tax fraud case committed by his organization a peak at his tax returns is a must.', 'NO ONE IS ABOVE LAW INCLUDING PRESIDENTS, ESPECIALLY THAT THIS ONE ROBBED TAX PAYER', 'Simple. If the Internal Revenue Service is fine with your taxes. That’s that. Lmao TNN Trump News Network. Just scared he’ll run again', 'typical pumpkin, fight in court until everyone gives up or runs out of money. too bad he is fighting the feds and they have all the money and more patience than the pope', 'I could be mistaken, but, at some point (even before he became president), didn\'t Trump promise to "release" (show) his tax returns?', 'Lmbooo Lmbooo he is holding on so tight to those taxes.', "It's none of their business.   What happened to the right to privacy in all your persons, papers and effects?", "If you're guilty of a crime, bringing that crime to the justice of the court is not to embarrass you. It is simply completing the prosecution of a criminal.", "😭 No Fair ! 🤡 I don't wanna 😭😭😭\n . .The Pouting Pumpkin is such a Putz ! !", "Screw the orange stain, he's finally getting what he deserves.", 'Trump have been getting away with muder for a long time', 'He obviously plans to fight in the courts long enough to reach his expiration date before being held fully accountable.', 'Hoping that soon there will be a new news', "All I can say about this videos who gives a f*** I never seen a news network that still gets viewers that has such a huge credibility issue it's not even funny it's honestly scary that this many people would fall for propaganda round-the-clock", 'Perform the audit.', "Didn't he say he would release the tax returns himself?", 'In other news, Obama plans to do a 700 people party with no masks. Rules for thee, not for me 😁', "So excIted to get geSara and neSara. no conSpIracy theory It'S comIng ✨✨✨\t😟\t|", 'How about no? Another case of "if he cries that loud, he has corpses hidden"', 'HIDING tax returns from the people', 'It is so shameful that even that narcissist is ashamed. Publish the lies. Publish the greed. Publish.  Embarrass and jail!', "Trump has to know he will be being sued even after he's dead.  It'll never come to an end.  LoL.", 'We want to see the tax returns', "If he actually had the money he claims he has, he would've posted his tax returns to Twitter long ago, regardless of whatever illegalities he is engaged in.", 'Cmon ! People you don’t need to be smart to figure it out that trump is hiding something 😂. It’s pretty obvious.', 'Hey CNN you must be so proud of Chris Cuomo.....lol', 'Oh what a surprise!', 'Only one cause so much problem and only one refuse to show his tax return how ironic, he was enforcing taxes!', 'The ultimate bragger is given the opportunity of a lifetime to show off his wealth and he’s fighting teeth and nails to avoid it… hmmm!!!', 'Has there ever been a bigger whiner in the history of whining...', 'MAGA !!!! WE ARE STILL HERE U MAGGOTS! MAGAAA', 'All rich people should show there taxes', 'NEWSMAX TV 📺 ITS THE CHANNEL THAT. TELL US WHATS REALLY GOING ON IN USA 🇺🇸', 'In a word, no. He doth protest too much methinks, because he knows how devastating and damaging this will be for him.  He has no power, ignore his latest argument and HAND THEM OVER NOW.', "All these lawyers should make sure they're getti g paid UPFRONT!!!!", 'Give it a rest CNN.', 'How can someone be autited for so long, what the hell is wrong, what is he hiding.', 'Why this continues to be a discussion is absurd.   Its the law to turn them over.  This dragging on this long shows how broken the system is.', 'He is living in all your heads rent free. Get over it.', 'Will the criminals of Jan 6th pay restitution?'], ['McCarthy- redefining a situation to meet your narrative does not work when Science is involved. Thou shalt not bear false witness.......look at the truth', 'You can’t serve two masters, if you take money from big business, economy is going to trump people’s lives.', 'Why make the one thing that keeps them in office go away?!', '“Trying to do the right thing”?????\nThe road to hell is paved on good intentions. Democrats will pay for their treachery, EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM! The ONLY way out for democrats is to commit seppuku on live television.', '"Lead, follow, or get out of the way."  No where have I heard that before?', 'Hey, I guess SOMEONE (mccarthy here) has to point out the most absurd side to the argument am I right?!!', 'Hats off to anyone who takes care of him themselves...', "Mccarthy, if I'm being controlled by someone by getting a vaccine it's not going to be you!", "Confrontation...a hostile or argumentative meeting or situation between opposing parties. . . and you think this a good thing for your country. Democracy at it's best ?? ....oh my", 'I know its harsh, but that will sort itself out in the next election when republicans have their voter base deminished due to covid, the non vaccinated overweight mass are overwhelmingly republican voters..', "INTEGRITY !\nWhat evil has planned for our harm\nIntegrity will transform to good.\nAdhering to morals gives us peace\nTeaching us to respond, as we should.\n\nSometimes we must go against the flow\nQuestioning what our shepherd’s may say.\nFor they are not God, only human\nAnd for their integrity, we pray.\n\nThough faith we can stay undiminished\nKeeping ourselves entire and whole.\nAvoiding human hate and mistrust\nWhile struggling to preserve our soul.\n\nWith honor we obtain uprightness\nAnd by love and compliance we gain grace.\nIntegrity gives us proper goals\nImproving the standard of our race.\n\nThose who laugh at the straight and narrow\nWill not hear God's answer to their cry.\nThose who yearn to earn their integrity\nMust not steal, persecute or lie.\n\nTHANK YOU FOR WHO YOU ARE IN YOUR HEART !\nBy Tom Zart\nGoogle = Most Published Poet \nTom’s 1,650 Poems Are Free To Share!\nGoogle = George Bush Tom Zart\nGoogle = Love War & More", "I hope POTUS, the true Dem POTUS, is making room in Kansas for Leavenworth Penetentiary to take in the influx of (R's), and Trump  administration guests that are deserving as they await trials, and punishments!", 'Lmao. Now government care for us?', 'Hats off to anyone who takes care of him themselves...', "OPTION 2\nFUNERALS\n\nYA'LL GOT LIFE 🙄 INSURANCE\nP E R I O D", 'THE DEEP RIG  !!!    on Rumble!!!!!!!', 'FL Gov is betting on “go big or go home”. Just give him a few more weeks.', 'I hope the governors of Florida and Texas will continue to get their way to write the history of covid in 2021. It would be a pretty sight for Republican politics.', 'And Congress cut $30billion from getting ready for the *next* pandemic! Because we *know* one *will happen* !', 'Mccarthy: WAAAAAAAH! THE DEMOCRAT LED HOUSE, SENATE AND WHITEHOUSE WANTS TO CONTROL US!!! WAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!\nSomebody, PLEASE, make a political cartoon of Mccarthy as an infant, sitting in a highchair, having a tantrum over something, just nothing too specific...', 'Why can’t all of the states be completely ruled by a single individual? What’s with all of these obnoxious checks and balances? The government will remember what a bunch of cowards we were the next time a massive power grab opportunity comes up.', 'Where’s “ COVID” ?', 'What the hell is McCarthy talking about!? You cant say we have taken the vaccine when less then half of Americans are fully vaccinated.', 'COVID-19 appears to be more intelligent than humans.', 'In other news Sweden that little country whi didn’t shut down and was called out by every western power for it has and three days straight of zero COVID cases!', 'dear god , blocking the cargo ships 🚢 full of containers and food !|', 'Biden is fine-covid will peak next three weeks-he has made great progress of getting shots in peoples arms and he has created 7 million more jobs then Trump did-ALREADY', 'the pa Supreme court vIolated the conStItutIon when they changed the votIng law. the courtS do not have the authorIty to make or change law.\t💟\t|', 'You need to get out of the way first, Republicans are ready to work for American as usual.', 'The borders Looking good joe', 'They really want this pandemic till 2024 i think', 'This guys term is gonna fly by it almost feels like our last two presidents weren’t actually in office for some reason…Obama feels like the last one to come off like a leader somewhat', 'great Show 👍\t🤗\t|', 'So much for going back to school. So help him God.', '“My butt’s been wiped!”', 'Sorry Joe joe we the people do not work for you, we will not comply, we will continue to resist your FRAUDULENT Presidentcy.', 'Perfect', 'It is the responsibility of the citizens to stop a fool the people are dieing', 'Then help with the boarder instead of telling them to not come. They come & you don’t send them back. They get bused or put on planes to other places in the country.', 'maybe Biden can drive his 18 Wheeler to those states and drop off some vacs', '"either help or get out of the way"\n\nSmartest words I\'ve heard all week', 'The unifier in Chief everyone', 'Does the president have the authority to do something? Then do it or get out of the way.  Take the governors with you.', '@0:14 ...at least get out of the way..... gaah."', 'GET-OUT, DA-WAYYYY\nGET-OUT, DA-WAAYYY\nGET-OUT, DA-WAAYYYY\nWOOP-WOOP', 'Leave them be. \nThey obviously "know better".....', "Nobody even watches this for a laugh anymore. It's painfully disgusting.   We're just riding out the remaining time left in this circus", '🤣🤣', 'All men of piece please come out and save the freedom fighter of Uganda Lumbuye Fred because president museveni wants to kill him.', 'And there you have it. \nME: CDC, should I get poke if I already had Covid?\nCDC: “Yes, you should be poked regardless of whether you already had COVID-19. That’s because experts do not yet know how long you are protected from getting sick again after recovering from COVID-19.”\nME: Oh, okay, we don’t know how long natural immunity lasts. Got it. So, how long does poke-induced immunity last?\nCDC: “There is still a lot we are learning about COVID-19 pokes and CDC is constantly reviewing evidence and updating guidance. We don’t know how long protection lasts for those who are poked.”\nME: Okay … but wait a second. I thought you said the reason I need the poke was because we don’t know how long my natural immunity lasts, but it seems like you’re saying we ALSO don’t know how long poke immunity lasts either. So, how exactly is the poke immunity better than my natural immunity?\nCDC: …\nME: Uh … alright. But, haven’t there been a bunch of studies suggesting that natural immunity could last for years or decades?\nCDC: Yes.\nNEWYORKTIMES: “Years, maybe even decades, according to a new study.”\nME: Ah. So natural immunity might last longer than poke immunity?\nCDC: Possibly. You never know.\nME: Okay. If I get the poke, does that mean I won’t get sick?\nBRITAIN: Nope. We are just now entering a seasonal spike and about half of our infections and hospital admissions are poked people.\nME: CDC, is this true? Are there a lot of people in the U.S. catching Covid after getting the poke?\nCDC: We stopped tracking breakthrough cases. We accept voluntary reports of breakthroughs but aren’t out there looking for them. \nME: Does that mean that if someone comes in the hospital with Covid, you don’t track them because they’ve been poked? You only track the UN-poked Covid cases?\nCDC: That’s right.\nME: Oh, okay. Hmm. Well, if I can still get sick after I get the poke, how is it helping me?\nCDC: We never said you wouldn’t get sick. We said it would reduce your chances of serious illness or death.\nME: Oh, sorry. Alright, exactly how much does it reduce my chance of serious illness or death.\nCDC: We don’t know “exactly.”\nME: Oh. Then what’s your best estimate for how much risk reduction there is?\nCDC: We don’t know, okay? Next question.\nME: Um, if I’m healthy and don’t want the poke, is there any reason I should get it?\nCDC: Yes, for the collective.\nME: How does the collective benefit from me getting poked?\nCDC: Because you could spread the virus to someone else who might get sick and die.\nME: Can a poked person spread the virus to someone else?\nCDC: Yes.\nME: So if I get poked, I could still spread the virus to someone else?\nCDC: Yes.\nME: But I thought you just said, the REASON I should get poked was to prevent me spreading the virus? How does that make sense if I can still catch Covid and spread it after getting the poke?\nCDC: Never mind that. The other thing is, if you stay unpoked, there’s a chance the virus could possibly mutate into a strain that escapes the pokes protection, putting all poked people at risk.\nME: So the poke stops the virus from mutating?\nCDC: No.\nME:  So it can still mutate in poked people?\nCDC: Yes.\nME: This seems confusing. If the poke doesn’t stop mutations, and it doesn’t stop infections, then how does me getting poked help prevent a more deadly strain from evolving to escape the poke?\nCDC: You aren’t listening, okay? The bottom line is: as long as you are unpoked, you pose a threat to poked people.\nME: But what KIND of threat??\nCDC: The threat that they could get a serious case of Covid and possibly die.\nME: My brain hurts. Didn’t you JUST say that the poke doesn’t keep people from catching Covid, but prevents a serious case or dying?  Now it seems like you’re saying poked people can still easily die from Covid even after they got the poke just by running into an unpoked person! Which is it??\nCDC: That’s it, we’re hanging up now.\nME: Wait! I just want to make sure I understand all this. So, even if I ALREADY had Covid, I should STILL get poked, because we don’t know how long natural immunity lasts, and we also don’t know how long poke immunity lasts. And I should get the poke to keep a poked person from catching Covid from me, but even if I get the poke, I can give it to the poked person anyways. And, the other poked person can still easily catch a serious case of Covid from me and die. Do I have all that right?\n…\nME: Um, hello? Is anyone in there?', 'Democrats 2000s: The war on drugs created more drugs\nDemocrats 2010: The war on terrorism created more terrorists\nDemocrats 2020s: *Declares war on covid & white supremacy…\n🤷\u200d♂️', 'Long hair pony soldier. WTF does he mean?', '0:47 Dear God, HALF of last week’s new cases from just five states, all bar one in the south.  This data must be brought up at every future election.  Register, and vote as if your life depends on it.', 'Help us turn the constitution into the Democrats toilet paper. So help us finish the conversion', "(THAT'S IT)", 'Chris Cuomo fired.', 'simple FJB!', "Japan is originally a place where those people live together.\nDual personality, World War II atomic bomb, pretending to be a victim. There's no apology for killing thousands of Asians and the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor in Hawaii, killing thousands of young Americans. So August 15th is not the day of defeat, it's the day of the war.Distortion of history, duality, the strong, the cruelness of the weak is ethnicity, so bear with it.", '⏳', 'Biden needs to get out of the way', 'These are the 3 most populated states in the country two of them are full open and one had done locked downs scho closers and mask mandates yet Texas and California have almost identical case numbers but California is suppose to be going the right direction exactly why Gavin Newsom is in a recall election', 'Darwin \nMake Florida great again', 'CNN working for Biden?', "Also by the way if I were you people I would not accept the stimulates packet family packet for one reason only this is not free money at the end of the year when tax season comes around this will be coming out of your taxes and if you can't pay it that year around it'll be coming out of your next year's around taxes as soon as you're working again don't fall for the banana in the tailpipe.", "Get Out of the Way ?\n\nThey won't Stop till they Put their\nBase 6 Feet Under.  😁👍", "It's always my home state and my current home state. SMDH!", 'Please whoever seeeeee this massage please sent it to president Jo Biden please, we the voiceless poor Ugandans  we a in pain free our freedom fighter Lumbuye Fred is been in Turkey president museveni wants to kill him. We need American help please we live in a country where there is no piece and Justice oh God.', 'I never saw anyone  with six mask that support  him...more like 0. Dummys.', 'Bring in Kenneth Copeland  lol', 'That’s direct confrontation???', 'Free freedom fighter Lumbuye Fred', 'Free freedom fighter Lumbuye Fred', 'Six months too late Joe', 'Get ready to add South Dakota', 'Joe is the worst. Voters remorse is soon real right now.', 'Use your power to save lives shut down the border', 'Lol. So if Texas had the same percentage as California , I wonder what the topic would be about . What a shame CNN', 'Damn right', 'I brought the corona virus', "If u got the shot what are u afraid of people that's the purpose of protection right so something ain't right with that picture ask yourself is the vaccine is not doing the job look into that media question that.", 'So much for pro life gone down the drain.', 'Close the border', 'With Flight Take Control', 'Liar liar pants on fire Chinese national network', 'Biden STOP LETTING IN ILLEGAL MIGRANTS WITH COVID! That is NOT why we voted for you!!! Compassionate to migrants but not cruel to Americans .', 'Florida and Texas seem like a good base a new country', 'Freedom', 'Freedom', 'Freedom', 'Red states show low cases.', 'All I can say is: It’s about time', 'Help me find my Ensure or get out of... my... you know, the thing', 'Shine waist.. Jalan. Dr. Wahidin 103. Blitar. East Java. Indonesia. Bogor. BNN. Cipanas. 4days.', 'Tahiit you can take Donald as Colateral if youd like', 'It’s over 9000!', "Think about it people 360 some people 360 some million people in the United States of America the trillions of dollars that was put invitance hands to help us said that the money ran out and now we are in debt now I don't know about you but if you gave a million dollars to $360 some people million people in the United States you would still have trillions of dollars left over the math doesn't add up Mr President you're a crook.", 'Whats the death rate?', 'Biden fix the border or resign !', 'Hey Klein and Hawley Hawlways Pigeons are bringing the Eagles your way and the Peacocks too- Just to let you know Id be more terrified than you can guess- A Great White would treat you kinder as hes chewing your veins', 'Around 5:31 the video kind of stopped making sense', 'I live in Arkansas and have been looking at our Department of Health Covid dashboard. What Arkansas is telling us things are fine and getting better. Things aren’t getting better. I wonder if they’ve been fudging the numbers.', "It's my body it's my choice", 'Florida is over 9000!', 'the trump trolls are out in full force lmao', '"That is not fair" - that mean Delta variant, why can\'t it be nice and play fair?', 'Let’s not have any issues with COVID-19 instead of a few hundred over a few thousand what a great statement to make', 'Is there no law against misinformation causing death? Sure these goons need to face some responsibility for their actions, especially when people’s lives are at risk and literally dying!', 'Biden extended unemployment', 'The divided states of America  Thanks GOP.  .', 'Close the state borders.', 'Folks say they anti vax but went to public school', 'Sleepy joe, trumpets < Bernie sanders', 'Maine cause the Causeway in Cape Breton is your last Protection- stand with them now I have Bar Harbor and Portland looking Good', 'Politics or the people???', "What's the percentage of cases at the border?", 'Weak sauce….', 'dementia joe🤪👉25 amendment🤣', 'why does someone who has had covid need the shot?', 'Stop releasing undocumented immigrants with covid in Texas.', 'Get out of the way of my life', 'Mask are required or to use your power to wear them due to 19,000 immigrants coming in a month. That should be the title', 'Help? Help with what? Destroying America!', 'They start with death and now is only cases. Imagine doing the same with the flu lolll', 'Say no to the jab', "According to the constitution, you have no right to mandate masks or vaccines.\n\nThat should be the end of THAT conversation.\n\nIf you want to talk about why everyone SHOULD wear masks or get vaccinated, fine. That's your constitutional right.\n\nBut, if it doesn't go the way you'd like it to go, you don't suddenly have the right to strip anyone who disagrees with you of their rights.\n\nThat's how you start a civil war, that would cost more lives than any virus. You can't vaccinate yourself from violence.", 'Screw covid. Do your job and take care of the border', 'BIDEN.. Do  your job', 'I saw millions of sheep. Thanks Florida, thanks De sandis', "For all the red states and areas that refuses mask and vaccination warning, let the chip fall were they may ... you don't want to tread on there freedom.😎🐍", "Who OK'd Faucis interaction with Chinas Coronavirus Lab ? Which President was that ? I cant seem to remember.", "Don't need a savior", 'you as an american citizen cannot go into a public building in a city but an immigrant can transport the wuhan virus freely across the border and not be treated and moved to any  place you want into the country. talk about hypocrisy', 'I think the founders meant federal government,  help or get out of the way.', 'My butts been wiped!', "This is only going to end one way. All Republicans will go the way of the dinosaur if they don't pull their head out.", 'They will take Pence if they have Joe and Obama and the plan is to blame him and lay it at Abbotts feet', "Whether the people like it or not facts speak for themselves President Biden is not the man we voted in office he has turned his back towards what is the correct way and what is his way and his way is running on gossip backstabbing pointing fingers taking credit for what he did not do and patent himself on the back for what he did do which hasn't been a damn thing.", 'Close the border, slow the spread!', 'And Ive had cancer 3 times and beat it completely- 75% of my family has but rheumatiod cells overstimulatedc by lack of binding protein causing anemia blood flow clot controlwith  cell oxygen levels cardiac impasse issues for Diabetic people and stimulation of cardiovascular blood flow with the enhanced supplement L Aargine  , thyroid fluctuation between Hypertension and immune suppression in My system well Lets just say 1000 Mg of Trazadone and 10mg of Lorazepam didnt even make me tired- This would kill a Bull', "I don't believe nothing cnn says", 'Yeah hey will give you $100 if you can take that vaccine! What does that sound like', '#fakenews', 'Lmao, this dude is releasing Covid positive migrants into Texas and has the nerve to talk about covid, until he gets the open border covid super spreader under control which he willingly is letting it happen, then he has no business talking about it. What a complete fool.', 'Delta variant? What kind of manufactured fear do you have for us next? Some sort of skin rash? Oh, that was just Joe Biden picking food off his face and eating it...', 'Did Chester pick up the red phone', 'i know that god is going to distroy all these churches. - all except the church in pensilvinia ..yes thats also because people are worshiping idols insted of jesus 😍  god bless you ! ....its so true..thank you 😷  god bless you !  gb 💖  god bless you ! \tvote my president donald trump\t|', 'Open borders helps with covid', "Aren't those all strictly states with republican  governors? and former  trump states?\n--  Since march we are seeing more and more young children and infants ( some only weeks old) being admitted into the PICU and  not survive. The politicians need to step aside, put thier  ego's and politics in the closet and do what is right for the citizens of their states.", 'BS', "The vaccine don't work they trying fix a problem but making it worse I'm addicted to booster shots can't waite", 'Lmao, ok Joe', "We've giving this old man all this Power and he keeps begging the Republicans to behave. Should you allow them to have that Power again, they won't be so nice. A true leader knows when to crush his opponents.", "People need to work, my step dad has struggled to bring food to my Mom's house because of the mandates , CNN just want poor to stay poor.", 'a lot of people are going to die', 'If only Biden looked out for the people of the US as much as Abbott or Desantis look out for the people of their respective States', 'CNN did Cuomo get nailed with Retaliatory attacks against a whistleblower? \nAnd there was something about your boy chris giving him advice about women and how to handle the harrassment case. CNN do you respect women? #metoo', 'Communist', 'Obey obey obey obey obey', 'CNN just deleted two of my comments! within 20 mins...HAHA also seem to be deleting down votes ...Tells me they are afraid of being brought to the light', 'McCarthy whining that (paraphrased) "you promised we\'d have our freedoms if only we got the vaccine. You promised!" Dooood, the thing here is that your magats never got the vaccine! Promises can\'t happen without participants.', "I couldn't waIt to See thoSe democratS from the houSe and Senate walkIng to jaIlS wIth nancy p.\t😛\t|", 'Step aside', 'Republicans are red and Democrats are blue and neither one ever cared about you', "I know It'S unprecedented, but what wIll happen after (not If) we learn what we've known all along: trump & other republIcanS won? wIll trump & otherS be InStated & reInStated, throwIng out dIm loSerS? I pray...\t😡\t|", "I wonder why he didn't mention Cali 11 percent and 12 percent are basically the same lol its getting hard to watch cnn. Covid is always a huge subject unless it's about the border or a democratic state.", 'Great  idea, Governor, let the kids take it home to their families. What an idiot.', 'Where am I? What am I doing here?', 'The two governor only care about there pocket they can care less about there people', "Hey Joe do your job and control the covid at the Border until you do that I don't want to hear you sey s*** about covid.", "let'S go pa. we had maSSIve fraud here In pa.\t😋\t|", "Ignorance isn't bliss when it comes to this", 'I scmhelll TIE-RANT, and those numbers are lies lol', 'DeSantis and Abbott have no souls', 'They are all in goosestep behind Trump......', "I made the mistake of voting for desantis he had promise and I had hi hopes for him but clearly he has lost his way he puts his own agenda before his constituents and lives will be lost  I don't like big government but can't ignore the elephant in the room he does not represent the true republicans. He is  a trumplican vying for the office by apealing to his base .I have to vote against my party because it conflicts with my personal values which is my right as a native Floridian", 'If only CNN practiced journalism.', 'Letem keep ignoring the vaccine, eventually they\'ll end up in the pine box and then all the family members can say, "yea guess we shoulda got the shot".', 'Biden tries to act like a diplomatic gentleman with a waaagh of orks...', 'Great to see a diverse panel sad that they need a white guy to lead it', 'Are the deaths on the rise I think 🤔 not!', 'Ma.negli USA quanto vi manca per capire che siete governati dalla Mafia?? Svegliatevi pecore, \nDominio(N) Wins', 'Close the border or “shut up about COVID-19.” BTW, @cnn finally makes a peep about Cuomo. So pathetic. Me too-absent.', 'the pa Supreme court vIolated the conStItutIon when they changed the votIng law. the courtS do not have the authorIty to make or change law.\t❤️\t|', "I know he's not Obama but he sure ain't Trump. That's enough for me. Thank you Mr President for this service. I salute you.", "Well Biden if they don't want to work together or help. Make it known to the voters. And show prove that they don't want to help or work together.", 'No worries folks...the typical GOP poster on CNN is NOT going to be a threat to those out there competing for better jobs.', '5000 younger people getting COVID? Perhaps if they wore masks it might only be 500. Your analogy Governor, is quite flawed.', 'Hilarious since we have a wide open borders with COVID positive illegals coming across the border by the thousands. America thanks you Biden / Harris.', 'the only "polItIcIan" who can\'t be bought and republIcanS and democratS can\'t Stand Someone they can\'t control\t😷\t|', 'Chocolate chocolate chip 🤡', 'Greg Abbott wears a diaper and a colostomy bag... What a nasty mess he is by the end of the day.', 'Stupid is as stupid does that "by all Republican governors legislatures and constituents', 'Help ?\nMost of the people who are not getting the coronavirus or minorities and blacks not counting the illegal immigration who are coming in different parts of the cities', "I believe an unsecured border COULD cause this.... I'm just a tax payer and don't know anything.", 'DuVault Destantis Champlangne Champagne', "DeSatan doesn't care.", "11% California,  20% Florida.. combined almost 1/3 cases between 2 states.. what's going on in California?", "Why don't you close the southern border Joe?", 'At 1:17 we got this?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣\nGot what exactly? Stupidity? Then yes they do', 'My butts been wiped', 'Deathsantis rule!', 'CNN when are you going to report on the health of the President?', 'They did not find on line learning', 'I knew there waS no way bIden won arIzona\t😶\t|', 'Progressives made obama cancel party.......yes', 'desantis scoring points with his base, who are in the covid wards....', "Notice Biden says Texas highest and Florida, Don't you find it strange that the open border is mostly in Texas with over 1 million unchecked migrants coming across = there's your outbreak. Your tax dollars are paying for this plus $2bn not to finish wall.  How will it all be paid for? tax on every single kind of fossil fuel you use, and in turn this means deliveries of whatever will push prices up, get ready to be poorer, and government wealthier.  It was plan all along.", 'Because joe biden opened the border and allowed covid19 delta to run rampant....duh.', 'Fear mongers fear mongers', "YOU get out of our way and leave us alone!!! We are free to go wherever we want and our kids go to school and play with full freedom. Whoever doesn't want freedom, can move to NY!", 'But the border is open in Texas.  Is this a factor or not?', 'People are criminalized now for having cold', "It doesn't matter whether its a Democrat or Republican,its THEIR choice whether to get vaccinated!! Remember the pro-abortion saying you Democrats love to use\n??? MY BODY,MY CHOICE....it applies to those people too!!!", 'I wonder if Biden can get "cornpop" to help him fix the flat tire on his canoe?', 'All the sheep 🐑 commenting', 'This clown is a joke.', 'Those who are scared, get out of the way and stay at home..let others live..', 'At this point, I’m pretty sure Biden is just trying to leave as big a mess as he can for the next president', 'Why is Biden worried? Coming elections there would be more Democrat.', "If you're not useful, at least don't be a nuisance.", 'My butts wiped... Joe Biden', 'Joes in a hurry, time is running out, you will see a uhaul in front of the white house before long', '#Florida 👍👍👍👍👍 standups to fake CNN and biden dictator', 'Hey everyone covid19 shoots are crap shoot now', 'are you really that ignorant here to not see that thousands of infected people are coming across the southern border every single day and moved all around the country and spreading the virus.', 'Did Biden say this before or after he pooped his pants again?', 'Recall Newsome!!', 'Ecclesiastes.9.verse11.Our..World.nevera.be.sa.me.', "But are those the 3 biggest states as far as we're talking about population count?", 'Yea RIGHt hes more powerful than the American government\t😩\t|', 'I’ve had both the Alpha, and Delta variants.  I’ve also had the flu most every year of my life.  Next year I’ll get the Echo variant.', 'He said he was going to be a president for all of us and build a bridge. Lol,what a joke he is. Now he is runing for govenor as well? Of several states.\n\nSad that he has limited knowledge of the country. Does he think this is France? We have 50 states that run their own show with limited federal authority. It was debated ro have a federal system several hundred years ago but was not agrred to.\n\nDidnt Biden take that class?', 'They need to get a new Governor and get this guy out of the way so lives can be saved and yes even the ignorant ones too.', "Get a covid vaccines for the children under the age of 12 yr old here & now .  It's that easy. No one needs that may kids sick", 'We can get a ticket for no seat belt, talking on cell phone while driving, no car insurance why not give people tickets if they get stopped and they havent got their shots. They have the right to be stupid as long as it doesnt put others health in danger.', "Yes governor less be real, let the people protect their own children and if they don't that's their Business but to not make sure the school's are ready and safe, just look at your neighbor and what's happening with them. Things don't look good for the country just do better people", 'long covid', 'Help destroy America or get out of the way.  Not likely.', 'arreSt jameS comey to reStore confIdence In the fbI\t😠\t|', "Play the part of Desantis' speech about the border you shills.", 'Yeah, 80 year old demented man, get out of the way if you’re not gonna secure the border!!! Let someone else capable do the job!!!', 'Yes, because every fair minded individual knows this is all Republicans fault. Didnt you see the stats? African Americans are refusing the shots more than any other group. Oh, I forgot. This is the channel that shills unabashedly.  Facts dont get in their way.', 'While leaving the border wide open.', 'Biden knows his immigration policy is aiding in the spread of COVID but that’s elementary to the Democrat master plan he’s been given to follow. Sorry folks but potential new voters are more important than your health to the Democrats.', "Why doesn't he help and close the covid border.!", 'They did not find online learning', "Or they won't do either of those things and will fight him.", '"Help or get out of the way"... How about "tell us the truth or get out of the way"!', 'Meanwhile, Governor Cuomo.', "very 'unifying' i must say\nso much for love and unity\ngood job creepy joe", 'The Colonies will not submit to the authority of the crown.', "I'm glad Biden finally found someone's balls. Would've been nice to see this much sooner, but I'll take it. Too bad he hasn't found anything resembling a spine when his donors tell him what to we can do executively or legislatively.", "Why don't they investigate Black Rock Holdings? That's where the head of the snake is\t🤒\t|", 'Yeah. Because Biden really helped or got out of the way when Trump was President.', "Republican Govs: Don't wear a mask. You can do that when you're sick and in the hospital.", 'Texas real estate about to skyrocket', 'Lies, lies, and more lies. Work this hard on changing the real world we might be in a better place.\t😠\t|', 'Sleepy Joe if you really want to help just close the borders', 'Canada Hawley and Klein ill be giving the book rights and family stolen funds to the borders and to reopen the Mill in Cape Breton, 7000 People with the Mill and Dad says theres about 4,000 people needed 12 more stores about and the Island Runs at its best, When they came here on August 7th of that year the numbers had dipped the mill had closed and Uncle Gary God Bless Him Wrote it all down in Prose - Funny on my birthday whod have known', "'They told us that if we get the vaccine we could' (do this, do that, they lied!) the only one who is lying is COVID itself, running circles around humans. Mccarthy acting like a baby again and not manning up to the situation, only complaining.", 'De santis should resign.', 'IMAGINE IF PANDEMIC MANAGEMENT WAS AN OLYMPIC SPORT.\r\nNew Zealand finished the Covid race with 26 deaths 1 year ago.\r\nChina finished the race on 14 January 2021 with 4,636 deaths.\r\nAmerica is still struggling mid way through the race with 631,283 Covid deaths with 600 more each day.', 'Mr. Biden, no one said people couldn’t wear masks. They said you can’t force people into wearing them if they don’t want to. Let’s just have been wishing people on the right dead for the last year and a half. Don’t act like they care now whether or not those people live or die. And don’t act like you care about our children about American people and how bad Cove it is spreading when you’re not willing to shut down the damn border!', 'If Biden truly cared he would shut down the border', "Then why don't Democrats wear masks??", 'Your not going to kill my family Ron!', '...To Be Fair... Those Are The Most Populous States!!', 'These governors don’t care if some, few or many of us die.', 'Get the jab! Border crisis continues! Nothing is being done! Stop unchecked uncontrolled spending! “Lemon Pickers Needed”, read the ad in the newspaper. Ms. Sally Mulligan of Coral Springs, Florida, read it, and decided to apply for one of the jobs that most Americans are not willing to do. She submitted her application for a job in a Florida lemon grove, but seemed far too qualified for the job. She has a liberal arts degree from the University of Michigan, and a master’s degree from Michigan State University. For a number of years, she had worked as a social worker, and also as a school teacher. \nThe foreman studied her application, frowned, and said, "I see that you are well educated, and have an impressive resume. “However, I have to ask you, have you had any actual experience in picking lemons?”\n "Well, as a matter of fact, I have," she said. "I\'ve been divorced three times, owned two Chryslers, voted twice for Obama, once for Hillary and most recently for Biden.” \n\nShe started work yesterday.', '“Turn back all of you to God’s help; practice loyalty and justice\n  and wait always upon your God.” – (The Prophet Hosea 12: 6) –\n\nWhere you and I must avoid all religions; even that of the pope and Christianity; because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets who continue to mislead us. None of them are sent by the Lord God, but only Jesus (in the name of Immanuel) for he alone is the Son of man and the true Prophet who was sent by God, to be always our one Teacher…\n\nThese are the words of the Lord God: \n“I will raise up for them a prophet like you [Moses] from among their fellow Israelites, and I will put my words in his mouth.” – (at Deuteronomy 18: 18) –\n\n“Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign: A young woman is with child, and she will bear a son, and will call him Immanuel.” [“God is with us”] – (The Prophet Isaiah 7: 14) –\n\n“If you have ears to hear, then hear.” – (Jesus, in the name of Immanuel, the Messiah, at Mark 4: 23) –\n\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\n\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\n\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\n\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\n\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\n\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\n\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \nThis is how you should pray:\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\nGive us today our daily bread, \nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \nAmen. \nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\n\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\n\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) –\n\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\n\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\n  \n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\n\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\n\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\n\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \n\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\n\n"Stay awake, and pray that you may be spared the test: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak." – (Matthew 26: 41) –\n“However, when he comes who is the Spirit of truth; he will guide you into all the truth.” – (John 16: 13) –\n\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20)\n\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Thursday the 5th of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', "*DeSantis Is Betting On A British Model Showing A Mysterious Down turn Which Suggests Herd Immunity. He Forgot That Great Britain Vaccinated About 70% Of It's Population*", 'Finally somebody showing some spine', 'thank you we all apprecIate every thIng you do for uS! we love all who are doIng for amerIca!\t😶\t|', "And the illegal migrants crossing the border by the thousands daily probably doesn't help with the coronavirus either....", 'They think their so smart. Watch for false flag event in flordia and more misconstrued cv numbers', "Biden also said that you should wear a mask, even if you're vaccinated because you can still get the virus, you just wont die from it.  If that’s the case, how does a vaccinated person protect an unvaccinated person?", 'People in FL and TX - all mouth and no common sense', 'Propaganda', 'Joe biden is allowing illegals with covid to flood this country and he has the nerve to criticize the republicans handling of the virus...what a cornpop', '1/3 of the cases come from California and Florida', '3:34 six masks? And then he asks us to "get real here" ? He is a mess', 'IMPEACH', 'IMPEACH', 'IMPEACH', 'IMPEACH', '"I used to drive an 18-wheeler, man"', 'Lies', 'Imagine this drama when you are almost 80 years old. Even if i´m not a liberal i admire Biden on his leadership skills', '“cases” how did we get down to “cases” - simple NOT ENOUGH PEOPLE ARE BEING HOSPITALIZED OR DYING TO JUSTIFY ANOTHER “flatten the curve” until the 2022 election..', 'The vaccines are currently still under EMERGENCY USE AUTHORIZATION, and since it hasn’t been FDA approved, it CANNOT be mandatory', "Salvation is a free gift for anyone that wants it. ANYONE.  There is no left or right only up or down. It doesn't matter if you are  a D or R , black white,brown or yellow. God doesn't care if you're ugly, fat or pretty. He wants you to put your past where it belongs~ behind you~.  Start out fresh  today , go behind closed doors and confess your sins, ask for forgiveness and let Jesus~ Yeshua Hamashiach come into your life and heart. Pick up your cross and follow him.\nTime is short ......", "Trust us, DeSatan won't get re-elected in Florida, we will make sure of it for his failures. He is evil and cares nothing about the citizens of Florida, he needs to go!!!! Local communities are telling DeSatan to piss off and enacting mask rules and promoting vaccines along with employers demanding their employees get vaccinated.", 'If a vaccination ID is mandatory, then voter ID needs to be mandatory. You cannot have it both ways.', 'Wow!!! McCarthys comment is so blatantly dishonest.', "Imagine how nice it would be if republicans could act like adults for a bit. Maybe they don't understand that while they have their own personal liberties so does everyone else. Mouth breathing weirdos, some of us are tired of wearing masks and not being able to go back to normal. Grow up.", 'Lmao gotta love fear mongering.', 'The Joe Xiden regime has become a meme 🤡🤡🤡', 'Trump won the election', "Delta variant is still fresh. When it first touched Seattle and New York we didn't point and say it's democrats causing the infection rate. Give it a few months and we will see a lagging effect in states that have less movement", 'Not as bad as the flu', "7:03. They're a fascist party now. Can't call them conservatives.", 'Yeah ill buy a house so that you can give it to some random squatter', "Who put this numbers it's ps", 'CNN! Better than AMBIEN.', 'Wait is this person ready to risk 5000 people of the future generation??????', '*Boxers or Briefs?  Joe Biden "Depends"*', "In my opinion, the changing guidelines in the covid situation (wear a mask, don't wear a mask, wear a mask, etc) is caused by the changes in data. First, don't wear a mask to allow front liners to protect themselves because they are the ones who treat the infected. When more masks became available, then we can wear masks. After getting the vaccine, we don't need to wear masks again, only to find out that vaxxed people still can get infected and still infect others, so to prevent that, we need to wear masks again.", 'We  need to thin out the Republican herd don’t encourage them to get vaxed \nLet nature take its course', '"There\'s people who wore like, a ZILLION masks, and prayed to Jesus, and ate nothing but potatoes and beets, and did every Wiccan chant they knew and they STILL..."\nC\'mon Ronnie. You just keep reinforcing how very stupid you are. \nKeep up that killing off off our opposition by one of their own, Ronnie. Godspeed.', 'Great job on keeping everyone running scared!!!!!', 'Desantis [translation] "Would I rather have 5000 cases among liberals that are unlikely to vote for me or 500 cases among Republican voting seniors? I would rather that the people that are likely to vote against get sick."', 'DeSantis standing in the way of fascism.', 'I used to be a Democrat!….Never again!', 'Fake news', 'Puuuure clickbait', 'Gov DeSantis clearly said he’s not against vaccines and masks, HE said it shouldn’t be mandated, MEANING each and everyone should have the choice, based on one own judgement to do what’s best for them. HE said and repeated that he’s not against vaccines.', 'Not 1 word about the 1million + folks flowing into America......hummm wonder why.', "You heard the president DeSantis get out of the way you're not saving lives", 'Protester (2020): "Shame on you Ron DeSantis! Shame on you!"', "Trump will fulfill at least part of his wish\r\nhe'll not soon be forgotten. \r\nThough that will be due to ignominy and infamy\r\n*not* an abundance of virtue.", 'Half of the people in Florida will be lucky to be alive by 2022, so voting for DeSantis is a pretty small motivator. Plus, Trump and DeSantis are both vaccinated themselves, so why kill off your base? Does Ron DeSantis think 20 years old don’t vote OR do they not vote for HIM?', 'Florida Governor Disastrous!!!', 'Whatever happened to "lead, follow, or get the fck out of the way"?', 'Texas and Florida have less deaths than 25 other states including N.Y. and N.J.? Weird. But just you wait😂😂😂', 'Benjamin Franklin " Warned against prioritizing safety over Liberty". and "Salaried buerocracy would breed Career politicians".', 'You know what sucks we have so many people moving to our state because everywhere else sucks. Biden needs to help or get out of the way!!! Fix the border!! The Army is not a bunch of babysitters 🙄😡', 'Wohooo good job Florida government 👏👏', 'Solve the Health Crisis first then argue', '“CNN Goes Entire Week Without Reaching 1 Million Viewers.”', "Since the start of this pandemic the homeless people I see are still alive and well. I ask them and they said they haven't received any vaccine. But how come if these numbers are like this that the same bunch of homeless people I see never catch covid-19. And don't have vaccine.", "Cut Florida and Texas' federal funding off until they knock it off.", 'corn pop told you so', 'Meanwhile at the boarder............😂', '1500 covid cases this week alone at the border. Joe is streaming covid through the back door.', 'Dosantos / trump in 2024? Recipe  for disaster- Honestly I do not even want to consider where this is going. All empires fall so is this the US now the new Rome!', 'Country more divided than ever. Another not so great President, Maybe worse than the last in many ways.', 'Help with what, the redistribution of 1000s of covid-positive illegals that are flooding your southern border?', 'Our open border with Mexico is a super spreader', 'Yeah, DeSantis PUT HIM IN HIS PLACE. It was glorious. LOL', 'UMMMM HOW ABOUT THE COVID NUMBERS AT THE BORDER????  Not gonna happen.......... its a secret......  \n YO JOE you need to stop worrying about Daddy DeSantis & PUT ACTION INTO THE WALL !!!!!  HAVE YOU SEEN THE DRONE FOOTAGE?????', "Look at all these brainwashed Democrats who don't care about people's constitutional rights", "I'm starting to like the effect of the varient on republicants", 'Mr fake president you get out of the way', 'To help, they have to stand in his way.', 'Still not guna.', "Biden isn't going to put up with these obstructionists like Obama did. Biden isn't trying to be liked by the right.", 'Trump 2024', 'Recall Florida and Texas governors', "Tune in tonight for Fredo's hard hitting piece about a mean tweet Trump made in 2018.", 'pleaSe lord almIghty take control and rId the evIl!!! In jeSuS name amen and amen 🙏\t😬\t|', 'Corn Pop used to be a bad Dude….so I hired him as Secretary of Defense!', "First it's on CNN, how's your ratings doing? Lmao 🤣\nSecond Joe ya stole an election with the Democratic Nazi party so maybe you should take your own advice. \nThird try not to sniff anyone on your way out.", '3:25 he rather have 5000 new then 500 old 😂😂😂😂😂😂this bish lol', 'Why do you people keep saying Desantis is running or insinuate that he is???seriously..stop lying', 'Close the goddamn border mr president', '🤡FAKE NEWS !!!🙃\ntell U sum reel stuff; Joeymentia is killing pop by the Border VaRiant...lol rip usa !!! 🤣', 'Republicans are back to being the party of no. Insanely with no exceptions not even if your life depends on it.', 'Me- Hey time, I want to travel in 2025, would covid 19 be exist there as well as me and my job too.\nTime - I am sure about covid 19 but not about the other two..', "Neither side can help. Something else was set in motion that's beyond the Democrats and Republicans.", 'IMPEACH IMPEACH', 'Biden is so zonked out he can barely keep his eyes open. Hmmmm, I sense a coffin purchase.', 'Republicans is the liberals now.', 'What do expect form a mandate? Needs to go back in the drawer with the rest of sock puppets.', 'Joe Biden is president LOL', 'Pat king?', '“GET OUT THE WAYYYYYYYYYYYY”\n- Soulja Boy', 'Absolutely ridiculous! Biden is a complete joke of a president, allowing illegal immigrants into the country with no COVID-19 testing then childishly complaining about states the won’t do what he wants...', 'D🇺🇸', 'If Biden wanted to stop covid, he would close the border', 'Deathsantis can\'t name one of these "hermits" that wore 6 masks and still got covid.  I truly hate this man and unfortunately he is my governor.  He will kill our children sending them back to school without any protections.  Mask wearing is so simple to do and it\'s effectiveness can be exponential if it\'s done by all.', 'Desantis thinks young ppl are better fit to die?? He literally said that.', 'Governor Abbott! We don’t go this. SMH 🤦🏾\u200d♀️', "Yes..Governor's help..send help to secure the border..", '“Get help or get out of the way.” Biden says while talking to himself in the mirror. “Ok Joe, let’s get you to bed now,” says Biden’s handler.', 'DeSantis makes it clear earlier today "I am standing in your way Mr Biden!"', 'I just think. People are caring less and less about covid 19', 'Insurance rates need to go through the roof for people who refuse to vaccinate.  Hospital bills are astronomical for intubated patients. With insurance paying 80% when it was all preventable.', "F' the vaccine", 'Trump: "I want to see Biden in prison." \n\r\nBiden: "What on Earth gives Trump the idea that I\'ll come visit him in prison?"', 'Love how this senile illegitimate stooge presumes to tell real leaders how to do their job.', '0.15: If you`re not going to help at least get out of the way. Thanks, Joe!!!!', 'I think families should hold their governors culpable when their actions result in the lost of lives of their beloved ones', 'Good for him! He’s right!', "Look at Florida's leadership and look at New York's. Are you sure you want to go there??😜", '👍 You tell them Joe!', 'Governors are using it to politicise there positions in  power..Republicans are the worst of them..🤔🙄🙄', "Puppet Biden just reads what's on the teleprompter.", 'to freedom! thIS amerIcan In france IS ready for the fIght! 🌏🇺🇸🇫🇷 now let’S take back earth!!!!!\t🤓\t|', "I love it when Biden's blunt.", 'The great Potato has spoken, wonder if he made if through the day without harassing another little girl.', 'How does educated media not show a possibility of connection between border influx and covid rise as well as the new variants.  It’s like they purposely ignore the contribution of open border to the rise in covid cases.  Way to stick to the narrative', "well...they won't help...so just have them get out of the way!!!", 'blessed to be in florida.', "Bundy had a soitial grip with the college group he was didn't care who or where you come from covid the same", "Idiot Republican governors putting party litmus ahead of public safety. Yes, DeSantis, let's be real.", 'Never getting the experimental poison!', "Why doesn't Biden blast Newsom? Cases are up there too!", 'COVID-Joe spreads more than 100 million variants each time he passes wind.', 'DeSantis is still obeying the Trump line about this virus.. but Florida has more Covid hospitalizations now than it did last summer!! why not say “get vaccinated?!” and this guy wants to be President in ‘24 if Trump doesn’t run, and if he does, DeSantis will probably be his new VP..', 'Let infection spread in Texas and Florida. Not all lives matter. Let them turn their people into handicapped people, perhaps death. Not all lives matter.', "Pathetic. If Biden really cares about the spread of covid in the US he'd close the border to all of the covid positive illegals. DO YOUR JOB!", 'Has he NOT learned anything???!!!!! Especially w/ this new strain???? These kids will go HOME and infect 3x the people as registrar COVID!!! So truly  sick he put politics over Texans lives, who are mostly to egotistical to admit they are wrong about COVID!', "CNN are full of it as usual, couldn't be anything to do with open borders could it. And where is Texas, oh yes on the border.", 'Please explain to me how this is a confrontation. Asking someone to help or not get in the way is not a matter of confrontation, that’s just CNN making a bigger deal than it is.', 'Biden, HAHAHAHAHA!! WHAT A FOOL!!', "Hay Biden you're no help get out !!!", 'They are helping. Just not with your agenda.', "Wonder why CNN doesn't report on Tamyra Mensa-Stock. A proud black female Olympic champion who's proud to be American. \nDoesn't fit the narrative perhaps. Gotcha.", 'Abbott is a LIAR. We don’t “Got this”. He’s making it impossible for us Texans to stay safe. He needs to GET OUT OF THE WAY. Abbott is killing Texans', 'Fake news...', 'Biden is so brave and courageous and the definition of a true leader he stands tuff against republicans dragging the country down.', 'My home state of Arkansas.  The republican governor is advising to get vaccine and he is being heckled and attacked verbally for it.', 'Meantime in Texas hundreds of thousands of migrants flood our border and get bussed around the country! Instead of securing our border he attacks states and drops bombs in Somalia. Biden is not fit to be in office plain and simple.', 'Biden is a one person, super spreader.', "Dude can't even talk coherently.  I'm not listening.", 'Over 1 million illegals in his first 100 days....no testing, no vaccinations....shipping them all over the U.S.  Ya....really impressed with your concern over Covid, Joe!!!!', "If Biden was serious about COVID he'd shut down the southern border.  They're literally bussing thousands over the border every day, many positive with the Delta variant, none receiving a COVID test, and many showing up in hospitals days later for treatment.\nWhat a joke!", "Close the southern borders so the illegals don't come over you don't know what they're bringing", 'Let’s impeach Biden and his puppet.', 'California is in the top 3 of cases', 'Of course cases are going up, there is an election coming up', "That guy wants to be the presedent..he's  not competent.. Trump JR.", 'This is great. You guys are like the opposite of those psycho commenters at Sky News! 😂', 'I Don’t Mind That New Tone !\nIf You Are NOT Part Of The Solution; You ARE The Problem.', 'Has weak stream Biden been able to stop covid at the Southern border yet?', "I'm in Florida and it is getting bad, mostly because of all the idiots", "Biden: And remember, allowing illegal immigrants who've tested positive pour into the country is 100% okay.", "Stfu joe you're using up all the good air", "Trump didn't blame governors for covid, Biden blame governors, that not helping, get out of the way, can u remember that at least?", 'They need to mandate everywhere like not letting  kids over the age of 12 to not be allowed back to school until they get their shot and any kid over 16 should be allowed to decide to get their own shot and not have to have permission from their parents which I think some states are doing! This is getting ridiculous and it needs to end and these Republican Trump wannabes are just killing other people in this country! Stop you look stupid', 'As soon as we figure out who is really calling the shots. But this shadow government needs to end.', 'More DeSantis?  Yes Please!', 'Lol get out of the way!!! Lol 😂 Joe get your ass out of the bed in the morning, an start with looking at your Covid border import!!!', "If you like California's trajectory keep voting for dems.  I personally like lower prices, lower taxes, lower homelessness and my Walgreens open.", 'Biden is a failure', "And this is why I'm embarrassed to be Floridian. 🤦🏾\u200d♂️", 'from the uk looking at the usa it seems to me you need more desantis and less biden. the man is blatantly in cahoots with big tech and actively attempting to reduce your freedoms. the open borders are your super spreaders.', 'Joe Biden needs to tell the country, If your not vaccinated by Sept 30, and you get covid,taxpayers will not pay for your medical bills if you get covid!  Let your state pay for your bills or your insurance pay.  But you cant declare bankruptcy for medical bills.', 'IMPEACH BIDEN NOW!', 'Ignoring the Supreme Court and allowing the CDC to legislate. Time to impeach and remove this Bozo.', 'Imagine a conservative helping anyone beyond themselves.  Never gunna happen.', 'Biden: shut up or get out of our way', 'CNN for Gitmo!', 'Biden to illegal immigrants: *Come on in man!*', 'What about the boarders you clown 🤡 they are bringing in the new virus and covid', 'STOP RESEEDING AMERICA WITH COVID +ILLEGALS', 'We love you President Biden\nThose GOP clowns should be kicked out of the way so far Graham is . DeSantis next hope', 'Aren’t these the primary states immigrants are being sent…. :/', 'The Corona virus appears to be mutating into a totalitarian dictatorship.', 'who is this db.', "I'm coming around to the idea that Texas does indeed need to build a wall. Or at the very least, State Troopers need to close Interstate 40, and Highways 54, 60, 380, 82, 62 and 285. New Mexico needs to be protected from these fools.", 'Governors are supposed to protect their people, restricting life saving practices is the opposite', "''Use your power to save lives''!!!!! like how sleepy Joe and his friends have done in the Middle East and North Africa!!!", "If any president's actions make them look like a mole, it has to be Biden.", "my all tIme favorIte of trump'S Speech. It brIngS tearS to my eyeS to hear hIm honor our country. Stand up for our country, vote and make Sure our electIonS are faIr and accurate.\t💗\t|", 'Governors GET OUT OF THE WAY!!!', 'Lies- Florida hospitals are at 15-20% capacity and the majority of beds taken, have nothing to do with covid. Great job Cnn, keep misleading people.', "😂 joke biden can't call out his own name without a teleprompter!🤣", 'you should not pull your punches Biden, the founder of Mcdonalds , Ray Kroc , famously quipped " Lead, follow, or get the hell out of the way "', 'Fewer Republicans. Good plan! 👍🇺🇸', "As florida hospitals fill up, desantis is crying about ice cream in isreal.\nWe know where the GOP priorities are, and america isn't one of them", 'Biden was slapped so hard he was able to clearly annunciate the four most significant words of his almost 50 years in “public service” - “My butts been wiped!”😳', 'Good to have a real president again. Sadly, the anti science right is keeping us  in the pandemic', "He's already cracking up.", 'Obviously the real president wants to get this pandemic done and dusted.', "If it's only the people who didn't get the shot. Why do you care so much? That's what scares me so much. This is still America! We can do what we want.", 'Democrats = destruction', 'Huh 🤔🤔🤔🤔 leave the Governors alone ☹️ please tell Biden to go take his medication ...........', 'That\'s right, it\'s all "FREEDOM!" until some private business wants to use their freedom to follow public health guidance, and then it\'s "no freedom for you."\nSeriously, why aren\'t the Republicans getting tired of their own hypocrisy at this point?  How ridiculous can you get before even you can\'t stand the smell of BS?', 'More like: SUBMIT TO MY HANDLERS DEMANDS OR WE WILL ‘VOTING MACHINE’  YOU NEXT ELECTION!!!', 'Impeach Biden', 'A gun will not talk if you put a oil filter on it. Its sweet killing with silent fart', 'Dear God, please watch over the Audits, let the truth come out, and justice prevail, In Jesus name\t😒\t|', 'Close the border Joe if you can remember where it is.', 'Oooh Biden is mad now! Gosh darn it dang it he’s fighting like heck😂🙄', 'Is Obama still throwing a super spreader event?', "Biden's own Vice President told the African American community she did not trust the vaccine because it was discovered under Trump. Kamala Harris has blood on her hands. We are going to need those Indian code talkers used during war times soon to even know what Biden is saying.  Clearly we put the wrong guy in the White House.", 'Someone please inform the President that Texas borders with Mexico. I think he forgot.', 'Jail DeSantis!', 'If he did it on CNN nobody saw or heard anything.', 'You heard that right folks desantis wants young people to get sick. Poor leadership is a Republican platform', 'Sadly the "vaccinated" are NOW "shedding and spreading" the new Delta+ Variant at an alarming rate.', 'Biden should help everyone and get the hell out of the white house!', "These rogue governors are coming hard for this administration. The garbage they are telling their citizens is outright dangerous. Watch DeSantis' rebuttal to Biden's speech. Do something democrats.", 'And when do we go back to normal again I don’t care about cases of flu wake up people please before it’s too late', '“ I don’t want to hear another peep out of you until you fix the border “  Governor Desentas of Florida 👏👏👏', 'LOL! Biden letting in COVID positive illegal immigrants into country and telling governors to do there job.', 'The Democrats have put this nation in the most dangerous situation it has ever seen', 'De santes is crazy', '"if you don\'t inject experimental drugs, YOU AIN\'T BLACK!" - Joe Biden aka The big guy', 'Wish I can pick up Georgia by hand and move it from beside Florida. People traveling back and forward from Georgia and Florida. We all have from both States', 'Call them out, tell it like it is.... props to Mr Biden for doing that!', 'It used to be that there were threee types of lies. Lies, damn lies and statistics. Guess we now need to add a 4th type: Anything a GOP elected official says. "We know what we are doing!" as covid infections skyrocket to account for 1/3 of new cases in a week. Trump** got the vaccine. Why won\'t his "base"? At this rate, there won\'t be enough base for him to be elected again.', "Are you vaccinated the southern border. CNN DOESN'T HAVE A CLUE OUM", "Just for balance here, how about an explanation for Californias' ineffective response?", 'But Joetato will keep them coming across border. Untested.', 'Blah blah blah..trollls', 'Audits have confirmed that Trump won Arizona.  Which state should we audit next?', '"It\'s simple. Get on board, or get out of the way."\nSuperboy, Young Justice ep 2', 'TBH - It sounded like "Lead, Follow, or get out of the way" - Idiocracy'], ['I’m having a feeling that the world would never be the same after this and it’s probably good for the earth if we r brutally honest', "The TVA needs to come and get this variant, it's doing more damage than Kang.", 'I’m never going to grind with strangers on the dance floor at this rate.', 'Delta variant be like: "I\'m BAAAAACCCK!!!"', '"...seem to be working" \n\nthat\'s why we\'re in this sh%t in the first place, right?', '"And, when you\'re finished with Delta, you can try Lambda."...', 'Wake me up from this damn nightmare!', "With a population 5x ours, I'm sure it could cause some real trouble all at once. I pray we all get this under control! Signs keep pointing to major challenges ahead. But of one ❤ Stay strong!", 'Awe how sweet, the Virus left, grew up, and came home.', "I'm real scurred 😂. Time to just sit inside for long time.", 'Damn chicken always has to roost.', 'Even Covid gets to work from home now 🤷🏻\u200d♂️', 'I remember when earth used to be cool. Sad!', 'Boomerang always comes to u, however far you throw it in the Air...', 'The virus goes back to its home', "They have great discipline when handling the outbreaks and why can't we do the same here and i never saw spraying towns with the worst outbreaks God be with us all", 'How do you know when the CCP is lying? When words come out of their mouth.', 'This reminds me exactly of how 2020 started.', 'Not even enough time to process the trauma from the first few waves. We’re still dealing with all the other events that will certainly lead to trauma!', 'Back into you.. Says everyone who lost their loved one bcoz of covid', 'Abiding the stay at home orders or being welded shut inside their homes????', 'What a rollercoaster ride hold on world, here we go again.', '“Here we are now goin to the east side”', '"A handful of confirmed Covid 19 cases".  So why the panic and hysteria in this news bulletin? \nHow do they know it\'s a new variant or even Delta variant given they didn\'t isolate the original Sars Cov 2 virus? The PCR test was never  designed to test a virus according to it\'s creator. He warned against it being used to detect viruses. It was developed to collect and reproduce DNA from suspects for forensic purposes. And the number of cycles ran is not consistent and it is that which determines whether the tested subject is positive or negative. Studies show it is wholly inaccurate. So you could have cold or the flu both also coronaviruses and the PCR test may show positive result.\n\nIf lockdowns are being based on inaccurate PCR tests then that\'s concerning.', '"Wake me up when Covid ends"', "So it's back where it started from.", 'We are in the twilight zone, inside of the Matrix, while the hunger games music is playing in the background.', 'Wuhan be like, “You could not live with your own failure, and where did that bring you? Back to me.”', 'You never gonna see this strict implementation here in America! 😅', 'Homecoming after a world tour..reunited and it feels so good', '"at any cost" well we know what that means for Chinese people.', 'We are in the twilight zone, inside of the Matrix, while the hunger games music is playing in the background.', "Delta variant or Delta plus? I am so looking forward to this ending.  Hoping for next year at the rate we're going.", "And it's alright, and it's coming on, you gotta get it right back to where we started from..", '“The heart of the wise inclines to the right, but the heart of the fool to the left.” Ecclesiastes 10:2.', "Oh, wow! In other new. I just finished eating a raspberry popsicle. I'm normally not a fan of raspberry, but it's just so refreshing. Especially during the summer. I mean seriously, it's 10 o'clock for me and It's still like 93 degrees outside.", 'Thank you for the great reporting. Kudos to reporter in China.', 'Right back where it started, interesting.', 'Why do I feel so spinning dizzy whenever I read any CNN articles about China?  LOL.', 'BRAVO CHINA ❗❗❗ For finally adopting the "Western" type of propaganda war waging❗❗❗\nWestern propaganda is too detrimental to countries in the rest of the world and no matter how "beneath all of us" that kind of style is, we from the rest of the world simply MUST stoop to their kindergarten level and win the information war ❗❗❗', 'Matthew 5:6\nBlessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled.', 'Love the content, like a B-rated horror flick:   "Flu D\'etat Part II"', 'Looks like I need to stock up on paper goods again', 'What test are they using to separate the 2? Regular covid and the delta? Please explain in detail', 'You can run but you can’t hide. We’re all going to get COVID, it’s just a matter of not overrunning the hospitals. You can’t stop it', 'There\'s a song called " What goes around  comes around " ?', 'Finally a test to see if the Chinese Vaccines are effective against the Delta variant.', 'Greatest show on earth.', "2022\nCNN: The Voorhees variant...\nI'm back.", 'From dust you come, to dust you return. From wuhan you came, to Wuhan you return.', "It missed it's family, thats kinda cute", 'The Delta variant is doing a "Who Do You Think You Are?" episode.', "I'm so glad I used to be such a ⛏ before 2020. All I have now are my memories. This host is hot. Is he single and ready to mingle?*\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n*This is what happens after 500+ days in lockdown in South Africa.", 'Same problem as everywhere in the world: this competition state-of-mind makes every country eager to be the first to fully restart their economy and go back to what we all call some normal. In such a complex and interconnected world, it is almost impossible for leaders to   decide of a perfect scenario for their respective country. We will certainly  have to change the way we see and run the world from hereon. And give back to nature what we have stolen  from it.', 'Hope they get it under control quickly 💓', 'Well, their laboratory bats have returned home to roost it appears.', '"It\'s deja vu all over again." Yogi Berra', 'Yes locking people in their building with no outside access for weeks at a time with no warning. WORKS!! 🤦\u200d♂️', '😑   💘  , thank you, michael for keeping us in the loop!!!|', 'Idiocracy meets Outbreak..its a summer blockbuster!', "Masks cut the respirator plum...The Idea is to slow it down...It's about numbers.\nThe more you breath in the better chance  it has to take hold of you....\nThe Saturation factor is key.\nBelieve  it or not..your body does have defenses on initial contact of the bug. Those outer defenses make the bug fail...the more there is in the air you breath the more it is likely it is to get past the bodies outer defense and  a better  chance to penetrate the cells of the lung...\nIt's all about numbers...how many in the air and how many don't make it through the outer defense  to it's target...the cells of your lungs...\nSo masks are a tactic...to reduce the respiratory plum. lowering the bug particles in the air.\nDelta has altered receptors making it fit quicker and penetrate the cell faster.\n\nWear your masks...socially distance....save lives.", 'Covid blew up so big in 2020 that it decide to humble itself and get come back to its roots😂', 'So a Delta airliner started the pandemic? What about Jet Blue?', 'Omg so scared. Thanks CNN for the daily fear!', '"Hundreds of cases linked to travel from Nanjing."\nFlorida: "Hold my ventilator..."', "Delta variant: I'm home (single tear)", "Interesting... their numbers seem unaffected.  They've had higher highs January this year.  You don't mean they've been faking their numbers the whole time.", 'What goes around comes around.', 'Dictatorships collapse medically and economically under these type of situations. \n\nXi jingping is currently not living in China as China is classified as to dangerous for him. \n\nBeijing the new Pyongyang', 'There are only 15 cases there and we have over 200k in the god damn US', '500 days & around the world and back again , with a vengeance.', 'It never ends it’s always going to mutate', 'Right out of a movie....Just when you thought the monster was dead it jumps right back up!', '"It\'s one person coming in from China. We have it totally under control, it\'s going to be just fine."', "Wuhan gets hit, is this a excuse to say it didn't originate there😂", 'Russia... even though China has literally banned foreigners for a year now, it never fails blame Russia is still trending', 'if China cases is call "spiraling", US cases is call "doomsday". CNN is u can do better reporting than this ..right?', '*Go to Jail.*\n\n*Go directly to Jail.*\n\n*Do not pass "Go".*\n\n*Do not collect "$200".*', 'I remember wuhan holding the pool party to rub it in the nose of the rest of the world. Anymore pool party?', 'It’s time for international travel passports.', 'Delta : Dad am back...', 'western countries should rejoice.', 'Did China restrict International travellers from entering and leaving infected areas?  Just curious, because they sent it to the world the last time around.', 'Next one will be Charlie ,echo , kilo , bravo and so on variant 🤣🤣😂', 'If evolution says anything it says Chinese are ahead of the curve. They emptied the rice stock while we in america stocked up on toilet paper smh', "And yet China is now taking strong measures to take it under control. The old stories won't happen again.", 'BEING AND EATING CLEAN IS SOMETHING BENEFICIAL', 'I guess I should change parties, or create one called The Conservative Democratic Party. Who would join?\t💙\t|', 'Chinese made vaccines😆even to their own people "Made in China" isn\'t something good to hear. They\'ll probably buy the surplus of AstraZeneca vaccines in a mad rush to protect against Delta', "Not sure if we should point and laugh or Cry.  For all the innocents there, I'll cry.  And everyone knows the Chinese made vaxxes don't work, even on the old variants.", 'It seems that sinovac is not effective enough against Delta. That is so sad..', 'Covid went on a world tour but got homesick!', 'man. we gotta to love our hmong sister ❤  more', 'Since there is no test for the "Delta Variant" where are these numbers coming from??', '"When there is no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth".-Dawn of the Dead-', 'This is a long night and God knows how long will it last!!!', 'Do they have enough welding torches?  We can send them ours if they need them.', 'No way this came from the lab though…..just a coincidence', 'I\'m looking for any wirus isolates to use as a reference. The CDC emailed me back, "We do not have any quantified wirus isolates of the SARS-CoV-2 infectious agent." So it\'s never been isolated?...now that\'s a problem.', 'COVID just wouldn’t go away🤦\u200d♀️', 'The Virus has come back home to roost.', 'After a successful world tour covid has gone back home..', 'Lamda variant is spreading quickly in south America due to the ineffectiveness of the Chinese vaccine too', 'Why it kinda hurts when she starts talking at 03:25 with a tone of an untacjable queen?', 'Putin sends his regards 1:48. One flight from Russia is all it took. Its crazt that in just over 1.5yrs this thing has raged like a forest fire.', 'You could never make everyone in my hometown of Chicago stay in. PD would be shot like regular citizens are by the gang members.', 'It’s so dangerous that the news guy has no mask or meth clothing', 'Are we ready for the second round in US?', 'Back to where it all started', "It's a merry go round!", 'Deja Flu\n\n(Obviously not "flu" and much worse and worsening but that\'s impossible to rhyme 🤷\u200d♂️)', 'Here we go again', "China is doing a good job. We won't see this type of lock down and getting entire  neighborhood tested...", "Folks abiding by official government health orders?  That'll never catch on in America", 'Once the virus returns back into the place that its ancestor is created, the W.I.V the pandemic will be officially over', 'That’s where it came from. Don’t you think it is there already. They should of thought twice about letting it out .', 'Back to where we start…', 'Here we go again', 'After the virus tours,upgrading itself, now it time to go back', 'Recently I have been injected with Sinovac in Thailand.', 'That news anchor could be the next Bond villain.', 'Well, how about building the second Chinese Wall? This time to separate that part of the earth from the rest of the world!', 'ahhh damn, here we go again', 'Tight border restrictions yep opposite of us 🤔', 'Oh. The virus has come back to its mommy.', 'After traveling far we will finally end up at the same place where we started and we shall know this place again for the first time!!', 'learn to live with covid, thats the realization we are eventually going to have to come to', 'CNN is literally a movie production.. Rated-R', 'Destroy All Bio Weapon Labs....Or This Will Just Continue...', 'In general in the United States, flu season can start anytime in late fall, peak in mid-to-late winter (between January and February), and continue through early spring. 2\ufeff On average, flu season lasts\xa0. It will usually end by April, but in some years it can linger into May.\xa0 \xa0-\xa0 \xa0 See a problem folks???', 'Already figured that would happen moving on……..', 'People relax! Chill the f….up! I’ve got mind on my money, and my money on my mind.', "I can't wait for the alpha male variant", 'Why in the HELL are we still having Olympics? Lets try again in about 4 years. Maybe.', "Yet... Certain southern US states, like mine (Louisiana), are STILL majority unvaccinated! Y'all gonna trip out when we get locked down again, though. 🙄", "I'm bout sic of this damn virus 🦠 and we need more oral testing instead of front brain exams that we are experiencing today...", 'Lights, Camera, Action.', 'the ccp created this fire, they can burn in it', 'CNN spreading misinformation about China? I thought China pays their salaries....', 'Funny how the narrarator is driving through without a care in the world windows Down,  no mask yeah ok', "Is Comrade Xi's Army still looking for a Global weapon of dominance?? 💩", 'This is where it all started in China and the pandemic will end in China.', 'Great to realise could not happen to a more deserved country!', 'What goes round comes around...law of karma...', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN.', 'What goes round, comes round.....hmmm', 'ANTI-VACCERS: “I have the right to decide what I do!”\nCOVID: “Please continue to exercise your rights” ….', 'Covid is getting stronger 💪🏼 whilst we loosen restrictions 😜', "Too bad they didn't do this back in late-2019.  Might have been nice to have a normal 2020.", 'The empire strikes back', "China's vaccines are not effective against the Delta variant. Severe cases even for vaccinated people.", "Maybe they should try horse paste? There's an apple flavor.", '"A handful of confirmed Covid 19 cases". Wow is that all? So why the panic and hysteria in this news report?🤔\n"Warning", "Afraid", "threaten", "fear". Thanks for the ridiculous OTT fear news.', 'Irony.\nThe chickens came home to roost.', 'Is cnn going to report how it was likely created in the Wuhan lab ? Many liberals are already saying this including Jon Stewart', 'Jah love every time', 'What goes around comes around', 'Why can’t we use this in the USA \nPeople are dying all night clubs are pack strip clubs pack restaurants pack no mask no nobody', 'Delta variant is like Super Cell returning from defeat', 'Wanna stay safe? Turn off the freakin TV', 'I’m sorry for those suffering, regardless of what responsibility China played, or didn’t, in the virus going internationally. The people, who have nothing to do with government policies, have nothing to do with the outbreaks. I don’t wish them unwell as I know many Americans do. I just can’t fall that low.', 'Should be okay, they wear mask, except  Sangen (where the UN company’s are) like dental 🦷 labs', 'China has the nerve to blame Russians for spreading the Delta variant when China started all this shit in the first place!!!', 'There only one thing to do. Throw a pool party to celebrate the return of Delta to Wuhan. 😂😂😂😂😂😂', "I got vaccinated in may I'm still totally fine. My names Luke I live in Utah I'm a normal guy who works with kids. Idk what to tell anyone I'm young and just want this over. My mental state is slowly falling apart when i see this everyday.", 'What goes around, comes around.', 'Nature taking back its turf because human intelligence went down as much as human technology went up.', 'You get what you deserve China 😆', 'Can’t wait for it to reach the Taliban and Russia!', 'WAIT! So Wuhan is "the original epicenter"??? :P', 'Only a few hundred cases, the whole country was mobilized, meanwhile…', 'And the sheep are still asleep!!', 'I guess COVID decided to come home', 'Thats very good at least this is one nation that  learns from its past...they lost so many unfortunately now this is a new variant  hope their  health care system and the people work together to have control of it not like ours US the people themselves fighting all precautions and vaccines put in place', "It's exciting!", 'The vaccinated outbreak spreads to vaccinated all over the world.', 'Boy here we go again.', 'The Mandate of Heaven is lost.\n....this will continue as long as CCP remains in power.', 'Russia is laughing. "When you sleep with dogs you woke with flees. "', 'Welp here we go again...\nLock down in a month or 2 here in the u.s.', 'Just get vaccinated. If you’ve had one, get the second one!', 'Only 39 people in Wuhan are infected with COVID-19, and more than 10,000 people in the United States are infected every day, remind you', "We've come full circle", 'I bet money cobid 20. Will last the whole time hidden is in office.', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', "Wuhan: You couldn't live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me.", 'So...why is the reporter not wearing a mask? (especially when he is in a car with a driver and a camera operator?)', 'Back to where this all started.', 'What a surprise that almost the exact same thing happening in the USA\nWe can all thank trump for his dereliction of duties....\n\n"It\'ll go away, just like magic".....said the magician of the century.', 'The big question; is democracy or autocracy better at dealing with a pandemic?', 'What goes around comes around.', 'Ok positive but whos dying? Just several  cases from thousands IDK seems rigged. But live your way and die Happy! We all get there at some point.', 'I guess China doesn’t have it under control', 'Back to where the outbreak started.', "Well it's their fault to begin with smmfh", 'Wait a minute this seems similar.........\nOh no-', 'God only knows what devastation to the environment this mega-spraying does!!!', 'A very beautiful gift from India', 'Your driving around China without a mask? Are you nuts?', 'dear lord ! nancy picked deepstate|', 'Here we go again… back to square one! 👏🏽', 'Epsilon strain  from Pakistan is what they really need to watch out for', 'Delta variant never forgot its origins', "abiding by the stay at home order...LOOL ya that doesn't work fly in the US", 'Back home after a successful world tour', 'Karma outbreak !', 'Let us see whether chinese vaccines are effective against corona virus.', "Now that's a British accent.", 'There is no mentioning of the actual number of positive cases either in Wuhan or in China throughout this report. Is it in the hundreds? In the thousands?\nJust for reference, Aug 5th, new cases in US is over 109000, and in Taxes is over 15000.', 'What goes around, comes around!', 'I’ll bet the delta variant hit wuhan long before we herd about it', 'it started here, hopefully it is a sign of and ending....in positive way', 'Great..... just great😤', 'Funny how CNN reporter can get out when there is a lock down. Apparently there is a thousand year flood street is like river. How CNN car can go though no problem', "You know what's the best way to curve the virus?\nPanic buying.\nThat'll def help. Yup pack everyone into a store shoulder to shoulder.", 'The Virus did a World tour and came back Home', 'Yo China , here’s your invoice', 'Delta Variant: (Shang TSung) Your Soul is Mine.', 'Finally after  World tour 🦇🦇 are returned at Home', 'Listen to the media attacking us', 'Wuhan makes me feel cold', 'It must be a different or stronger variant that they are not telling us yet. Something is strange with all of this.', 'Lockdown again?again and again.\nWelcome to the endless nightmare', 'the great covid lie still continues', 'I imagine that it will RE ENTER a wet market and turn into a new strand: COVID 20', 'It’s decided to go back home', 'Coronavirus is back home after a breath of fresh air', 'Does unemployment benefits need to be extended? I think so.', "at least they can track it. in America we can't track anything for fear of loss of our freedom even though though  eliminating the virus would give us back our freedom.", 'YAY🍻🏅🏆', 'Umm is the airports in China still open?🤨', 'Welcome home, COVID-19.', '1:35, Hey democrats did you hear that? TIGHT BORDER CONTAINMENT', 'Stop all international travel for 2 years', 'Here we go again!!!', "All this good have been avoided if China didn't cause this to the world", 'Welcome back...,, yaooooooo', 'Ah shit, here we go again.', 'Are the Chinese being forced to take the vaccine too as they are doing in the West?', 'Oh the virus goes back home after extensive training abroad !', "It's the end of the world and I feel fine.", 'Well.  Folk\'s talk about "Karma"!!!', 'China should hold variant release parties like Apple Iphone and Samsung :-P', 'Oh China…are you guys working on vampires next?', 'god bless us,they should have already been arrested before now .|', 'LMAOOOOOOOO', 'Thus says the Lord God:\n\nIn those days they shall say no more, \'The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children\'s teeth are set on edge\'.\nBut every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.\nJeremiah 31: 29-30\n\nJudgment (pestilence): Plot against an anointed of God. \n\n"Therefore thus saith the Lord, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them".\nJeremiah 11:11\n\nJeremiah 2:22\nJeremiah 33: 3', 'Peoples with good commonsences by abiding the rules to avoide any infectious diseases …', 'China shows lots of concern when there are hundred over cases. By contrast, the US seems so relaxed while there are 34 million people infected.', 'David is one handsome man!', 'LOL JUST THERE WOURST DREAM COMING TO PAY BACK', 'This could easily be the US if it keeps getting worse.', 'Pandemic boardgame is SUPER accurate.', '🎶 What you give... You get back.. 🎵', 'Chinese people being more United then people in the United States.', 'THE END IS HERE!', "It's the circleee of lifeeee!", 'COVID-19 just went on a worldwide vacation for about a year and a half and it returned home to Wuhan with new variants, I mean souvenirs.', 'They probably will win since their citizens follow government orders by force or own will.', 'IF THE VACCINE IS MAKING PEOPLE ACT THIS CRAZY I SURE THE HELL DONT WANT IT, ITS TURNING EVERYONE INTO CRAZY KARENS LOL', 'Made in China, it should pay back on you 10 fold compared to the rest of the world!!!', 'What a joke!  How did that Macau student get infected in Xian week earlier?!?', '100 case per day for 10 days. i guess 3 weeks to finish.', 'Welcome to San Fransokyo', 'Well, what do you know!', '中国加油', 'I hear the US pool party starting! 🥳😈👻', 'Next up Delta plus...and then Delta Ultra', 'My older sister is Erika.\nShe is already married and has children. She is a married couple and a bridal photographer, and she is a business owner in Japan.\nYou can have a conversation using Korean. Asuka(my oldest sister) too.\nI only speak Japanese.', 'NICE', 'The gift just got returned back', 'Lmbo this is real life', 'CCP bioweapon is home.', "Well at least that's good news", "I'm not even trying to be funny in any way but I truly hope they prepare and  repent cause seems like they'll be hit hard from many avenues. Chinese and any evil government, God will get you for the injustice against Uighurs muslims! May God free the oppressed, ameen!", 'Hehehe, why so serious, look at Americans freedom over pandemic, politics over sciences… and everyone is much happier in US… just by the way how many infect in US daily again?', 'thank you delta', 'The restrictions have been diminished way too soon! Wether it is in China or the western world, the variant is spreading so quickly, in spite of the vaccination, because people won’t cooperate.  It is easier to disobey and complicate the pandemic.  In America, the use of the mask is disappearing, and the refusal of many to get vaccinated, which I think it is irresponsible. It is not responsibility only of the leaders of the countries, but also of everyone of us.', 'Everything is fine, let’s change the topic', 'Sounds like listenable news cnn', 'It’s called comeuppance', 'Why no media talking about this 😶', 'Don’t get closed any Chinese people from China .  They travel to their country all the time', 'Dictators pretty much keep a showcase capital \nMoscow \nPyongyang \nBeijing \nThat’s their showrooms', 'Oh, they have a Delta variant test?', 'This guy used all the talking points his CCP handlers gave him lol….', 'Covid-19 our new default!', 'DATME: https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'Wuhan: Finally we are free from covid & Pool Party\nDelta & Lambda: NOT SO FAST, humans!', "Let's keep on partying, gathering after vaccines and masks..and blame on the variants.  Let's travel.  Let's keep the economy going.  And oooops.  What happened?  What a surprise when the problem we know is man made!", 'The Delta just went home.', 'Its the Boomerang variant not the delta variant.', '😂😂😂', 'Get well soon', 'IMMEDIATE reaction in china!!!', 'they want the stands empty so that nobody can boycott the beijing olympics', "Hasn't China suffered enough with all this?", 'Thanks China!', "It's like a bad nightmare that won't go away", 'They better drop that check for America to send some of that over there. Lord knows a lot of people I’ve there is not talking it', '"It\'s one person coming in from China. We have it totally under control, it\'s going to be just fine."👍', 'It finally came full circle.', '🙏💯karma', 'Wow protect Beijing at all cost. That is something you hear in resident evil movie.', 'More vaccines 🤣', 'I KNEW IT WOULD HAPPEN 😐', 'What you sow you reap!!', 'What goes around, comes around', "WE DON'T BELIEVE YOUR RHETORIC", 'start in wuhan....ended in wuhan', 'David culver is immune', "This time it's only the easy level virus from nature, and the insane level virus is imminent.", 'Good for them', 'Imagine  our country get vaccine from china 🥴', 'THE ONLY DELTA THEY I KNOW IS DELTA AIRLINES ✈️✈️✈️', 'The Democrats have put this nation in the most dangerous situation it has ever seen', 'Do you see infected people and mountains of corpses of those who died from "covid"?!🤔 no, and i don\'t see but they "are"🤣', 'Someone is definitely getting fired', '2 Timothy 3:1 "But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.  2\xa0For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,  3\xa0having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness,  4\xa0betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,  5\xa0having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power; and from these turn away."', 'Pigeons have come home to roost', "They think  it's over but virus  is so  intelligent   that  they're  just going to evolve   into some other variants", 'I’m not the type of person that is doom and gloom but we are fucked especially if another variant makes the vaccine useless.', 'Chuck Norris got exposed with the Corona virus, now the virus is in quarantine', '“0ver 2,000 tourists watched the live show together”\n\n2:06\n\nThese people really gets me pissed. Even the Olympics don’t allow live spectators and yet we have these arrogant bastards gathering for something so insignificant. People like these don’t get that they’re prolonging the pandemic and indirectly causing the death of billions. But no, they need to see their little shows live it’s too important smh 🤦🏻\u200d♂️', '“It may sound extreme”… says something extreme, lol. Martial law. They are under marshal law, that’s extreme.', 'So basically slavery again ?', 'Your poison comes back to bite you!', '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', '1 billion doses of the vax given and still.....', 'What goes around comes around I guess?', 'The nightmare once again', "Wow.  Both ofnthe viruses they released with the help of our Democrats and the MSM, seem to be doing very well!\nCant wait to see what's next...", '这简直就是在瞎掰啊 这哥们在中国活这么好 满嘴胡说八道', 'The winter Olympics should be boycott.', 'RUSSIA!!!', 'The virus returns to the fatherland', 'Oh no! Are there dead people in the streets again. Remember 3 people with the same shoes in each pic?🤣', "In the Chinese Virus games, no one is safe. You can't hide from Chinese Virus! Chinese Virus YOU GET!", 'Woow', 'Soooooo I gotta wait longer for an Xbox Series X? Lame.', 'Cnn your news agency is fit for a golag', 'The chinese just stated they have no COVID cases in there country. So how is it that CNN says otherwise.  Fake News!', 'Good! Back to the sender! Let them have it', 'OBEY...CONSUME!', 'Communist virus is more harmful then wuhan virus 🙏🏿', 'Outbreak in China ? How many daily cases ? -->100  \nRecovery in US ? How many daily cases ? -->100 K', "Let me guess it's the unvaxxinated fault huh 😒", 'Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'Hmm…here go the toilet papers .or that only in USA', 'What was made comes back to bite', "CNN is still on the air?!  Good God...and people watch it?! That's even more shocking!", '美国一天有10万多确诊，中国才几十个人，你们的报道搞的好像中国像满地都是病例似的，真是服了。', 'I was wondering when covid was going to return home', 'Horrrrrrry sheeeeeeeiiiiiitttttttt!! 🤣 😆', 'Proverbs 11:4- Riches do not profit in the day of wrath, . . . \n\nZephaniah 1:18- Neither their silver nor their gold Will be able to deliver them On the day of the Lord’s wrath; . . .', 'With the largest population, I highly doubt their official case count is accurate', '🙈', 'Varient of the varient ...they keep coming ....which one is next ???', 'Chickens come home to roost', 'How come this CNN guy not wearing mask?', 'Can anyone still truly criticize locking down a part of a city immediately following an outbreak, vs having to lock down an entire country for a year otherwise? I have no love for Chinese authoritarianism, but when it comes to preventing virus outbreaks, their way is the best way, this must be clear for anyone who will look to see the results.', 'What goes around comes around', 'good news 👍👍👍', 'No end to this shit!', 'hmmm comparing China vs US covid cases ... this is a misnomer', 'It’s called “karma”.', 'Thanos\xa0:\xa0You could not live with your own failure.  Where did that bring you?  Back to me.', "Good ol cnn pushing the lie and propaganda as hard as they can. Lockdowns are coming along with vaccine passports if ya don't take a hard stance against these medical tyrants.", 'Where all the madness began.😶', 'The virus has gone full circle', 'Jesus Christ! Just like a Hollywood survival horror movie.', 'Highly doubt Anyone from china can confirm this', 'Welcome back home, COVID. Now stay the f@#k there!', "Spraying the streets with disinfectant? Didn't know automobiles could contract COVID. More ridiculous theater when the disinfectant would have been better used spraying down public transit.", 'Hey CHINA what goes around COMES around', '“Abiding with the stay at home orders”. The armed guards and police have nothing to do with the people’s lockdown, no.', 'All those vaccines bringing outbreaks', 'Back to the drawing board 🤦\u200d♂️', 'Feel the pain china', 'The days', "Brought from Russia damn they're such great allies.", "Good couldn't be happier for them...", 'Why we are suffering?', "What test do you do for the delta??the US doesn't have any test for that how do you?", "What's next? Ligma variant??", "LOL looks who's returning home after a successful world tour!", 'Meanwhile Delta Plus variant is preparing for next wave', 'Why can’t these games be pushed back, I mean it’s just a dam game', 'It can’t be...Joe Biden is in office.  How could Covid still exist?', 'Total number less than 200 in China comparing with USA number, CNN become panic about China outspread rather than USA. LOL.', 'covid retracing its steps', "Why do some of you act like humanity hadn't gone through something like this before..? We have. And guess what? A vaccine got us through every time, which allowed life to return to normal. This is why anti vax people are ruining it for everyone else. Please get your vaccine if you haven't!", 'Delta : this is our home.', 'Now, we need economic justice. Unemployment, poverty, inflation are big problems. Economy is in shambles. The condition of farmers is worse than labourers. Citizens not happy with govt. People need an option.', 'Every  time we reopen.  I just buy what I need and stock up. Were I am. We closed 3 times already. I don’t wait til last minute. Now they are expecting a forth wave. I will be stocking up once again. I gave coworkers who didn’t have food. Because they thought nothing was going to happen the first time. I am a Prepper. Last year I didn’t need to buy anything but Perishables every 2 weeks.  I gave who needed. I will be doing that again.', '" only 100... several in critical condition "\n\nWe are going to show you a map and then spill red kool-aid on it to make you scared.', 'Are they welding people into their houses again ?', 'Sooo... About this colonization on Mars... 🤔', '1 Corinthians 15:1-4\n\nMoreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand;\n2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.\n3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures;\n4 And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:', 'Mama always said life is circular...', 'Imagine if mass testing, lockdown and mandatory mask wearing and government quarantine was implemented in the USA—how People would react??', 'China wastes no time to mitigate pandemic through strict SOP and massive vaccination.', 'Wow!  Again?  Sinovac didn’t work?', "That's where it all started!!!", 'Wipeout variant coming ...', 'Wake me up when we are at Variant Zeta', 'Wuhan virus is on a homecoming tour...', 'I would hate to piss off a tester... you would go from green to red....', 'reeeeeeeee waaaaaaaa the sky is falling', 'Very powerful chinese bioweapon', 'Corona Virus: Homecoming after successful world tour.', 'The prodigal virus returns.', 'Who actually believes China is suddenly telling the truth.', 'Return to sender', "Republicans:  I won't wear a mask!  It suffocates me!\nChinese:  Bring out the body condoms!", "I just got back from getting 4 shots, because I don't want to die", 'true report no political stance', 'Fire Fredo!', 'I taught they were all vaccinated', 'China actually cares about its population..', "It's going to be okay China", 'Common Peoples tax money is used to buy train and service and like dictator, Maharashtra Govt issues Notification that local train travelers, Covid-19 Vaccine is required to travel in trains.\n\nIncompetent Govts are now resorting to such methods to hide their incompetencies and lack of administration how to stop Covid-19 which clearly is lab tested for years before releasing in open, to allow incompetent Govts to stifle freedom of People.  Even now we see people not wearing Masks and Maharastra Govt instead of doubling fine, imprisonment, is forcing common people from travelling by local trains by issuing such Order which has not stopped Covid-19 spread earlier and will not stop now but narrow minded authorities are good at stopping peoples travel in local train but dont apply Mind and Brain to eradicate the Covid-19.\n\nThis is the start of it, when Govt dont know what to do, they start stifling the freedom of people.  People are paying the taxes for these trains and incompetencies of such Govt should not be forced on common people.\n\nThe trouble that we common people face and now this to stop people from usage of low cost travel like local trains.  These incompetent people who gives this order have cars to travel but without applying Mind and Brain or applying to stops train travel for common people with condition of vaccine requirement to travel in local trains.\n\nIncompetent Govts are forcing common people, who are following Mask protocol, to wait endlessly for hours at bus stops and while BEST Bus Drivers and Conductors drives away the buses even when there are sitting and standing empty in the buses, a dictator unto themselves just because Maharashtra Govt is acting like Dictators.\n\nIncompetencies is such that they will\nnot increase buses but will stop to conditions for travel in trains that vaccine is required.  This itself shows that these authorities are not applying Mind and Brain whenever they bring out Order that are against Freedom', 'Shut down every flight outta chicom China', "This just shows how easy the delta variant spreads, stop going outside maskless it's a piece of cloth the more you wear it now the less u will need to in the future it's that simple.", "So Sinovac doesn't work?", 'Damn Russia again?', "China deserves it's bioweapon shipped back", 'Why China test coronavirus in the mouth ? Not in nose? \n\nWuhan coronavirus exports now return', 'COVID: Return to Sender', 'News is bad to hear but easier to take with the really handsome reporter!', 'so, is china involved in spreading the virus too? \ni dunno, you tell me...', 'Keep that shit over there', '|\nAnd yet mass graves are not being leaked.', 'you can bet on it they will have zero cases soon...', 'Kung Flu 2:The New Strike', 'Reap what you sow.', 'CNN果然是阴间滤镜，这是用小灵通拍的吗？', 'Lol haha!', 'The place that started it all', 'In China people follow the rules.', 'Karma😆', 'Round 2….FIGHT', 'What about the Chinese vaccine? Working?', 'Nice, virus went back to is origin but 3-4 times more deadlier. Karma is a bishh.', 'Sooo?? @CNN will cut the china cash? Ohhhh, nevermind.', 'Chapter 2 !!!!!!!!!2021', 'Boycott the Beijing olympics !', 'Good', 'Fear, More fear, gear up more fear and fear.....', "This is worse than you think and the average person will only realize it by the end of the year. I work in cargo logistics, due to this situation there's a worldwide shortage of cntrs, vessels and ports are delayed, this all and the restrictions (that are causing factories to close up again) are making already hight logistics costs to rise again. This all seems unimportant, but all those costs will be transferred to all the products you need and use in your daily live. So on top of the human crisis this will become an economic, shortage of goods, unemployment crisis, that people cannot even fathom at this point.", 'Yawn', 'More COVID-19 cases mean more stimulus checks  for me ✌', "I don't want to be called China.\nI want you to call me Caona.", 'The virus is going home 🏡', 'They still eating bats 🦇 \nGoddammit', 'C. Booker, freaks!', 'Remember the pool party picture in wuhan ? I do.', 'Not again! 😰', 'Meanwhile China reports -3 cases, 😐', 'Remember the evil that men do gons after them .home sweet home', 'Good.', 'Wow! Everyone wearing masks. Not even one nose sticking out or a chin hammock in sight!', 'No one cares or asked, thanks anyways', 'At the beginning of the pandemic, the entire visible Asian community in Vancouver appeared in public with masks, long before our health authority began mandating this bare minimum protection for everyone.  Fringe dwellers mistook this display as an admission of a  conspiracy, permitting their short-circuited logic to dispense a violent backlash.', 'Your strategy is only as strong as the weakest link. All travel, especially travel by plane, is extremely DANGEROUS! I commend China for containing COVID a billion times better than inferior MURICA, but obliterating citizens sense of autonomy does make the whole situation sad, looks like a prison.', "It's like some kind of de ja wuhan.", 'IF this was true and IF they followed their own "logic" we wouldn\'t be locked down. But I know you know it\'s not about that', 'OMG delta pro max spread our world', 'Karma has no timetable.', 'China is used to the masks...from the Ninja warriors to the air pollution from the factories as the smoke does not blow away in some areas.  Have not noticed how stunted the people are?  Hardly any of them are 6\'6"', 'Video Title should be Wuhan virus hits Wuhan city and affected Wuhan civilians', 'I love the guy with the white suit at the end spreading disinfectant on the asphalt, that should help a lot to contain the virus. Go China go !', 'Uncle Sam single handedly ended WWII with the A bomb.\nUncle Sam single handedly landed a man on the moon in 1969. \nUncle Sam will single handedly end this epidemic with the made in the USA vaccine.  \nHave no fear, Uncle Sam is here.', 'Says state run media', 'Listen this is how this hold think started , lock China from the rest of the world 🌎 are they repeating this shit again.', 'Putins at it again!', 'China everyday 100case worse than American everyday more than 100K😓😓😓', 'When will it all end', 'We should just stop watching news 🗞', 'Lmao', 'It really seems that the Chinese government is more concerned about public well being and health than the Western world.', 'What goes around....', 'Cat worm sushi', 'It’s coming home ......', '1:11', "Well, they managed the first wave well, albeit with an iron fist as expected, and then they started to laugh as the world struggled. So, it's a bit of karma for Communists", 'And theirs a shortage on Top Ramen..bullshit..falls comng tests fake pcr', 'Sun sun Florida boy glow stay safe eat a lot of fish', 'Time to ban flights from china like Trump suggested last year?', 'Chickens have come home to roost for the Chinese. China owes the world an explanation for the original Covid-19 epidemic. To date I have heard nothing in defense of what happened or an apology for the outbreak which China admittingly caused.  Someone tell me just what the United Nation does or is good for?                      Jesus is Love', 'Delta variant is very serious and extremely contagious', 'Good', "I'm mentally so over this B.S? You can't win for losing.", 'If they shut down its gonna cause shortage all over world again.', 'Since when does Covid live on the ground and on walls? What exactly are they spraying?', "I'm tired. 😫", 'More and more lies', 'Lol Russia brought delta variant to China...', "Haven't they watched the lion king????", "Who doesn't believe tech will be the death of mankind now?"], ['It’s awful that the company didn’t immediately protect their employees. That flight attendant did an amazing job keeping everyone safe by restraining that passenger.', 'I applaud the flight attendants. He was a danger to others, and himself.', 'The Flight Crew deserves bonus, promotion, and raise.', "He groped 2 flight attendant and attacked a third, and the airline initially suspended the flight crew? I'm so glad the public and unions hit back at Frontier. Airliner in the US need to support their staff.", 'It might be unconventional, but you can’t have the guy freaking out, hurting others, thousands of feet up in the air', 'Thank goodness a passenger was filming so that the crew are vindicated.', 'Ryanair would have charged him for the tape, and then charged him a €10 untaping fee, or €20 Priority Untaping. Well done, crew.', 'Everyone needs to learn respect and decency. And when someone is out of order people should do their civic duty and support the staff.', 'Praise and a raise to those who stop unruly violent dipsh*ts.', 'AA is waiting to hear this guy’s “why I stopped drinking” story!', 'Put this unruly passenger on the no fly list so he’ll have to find a way to his destination!!!', 'That dude needed restraining, he was way out of control.', 'MacGyver would be proud of their appropriate use of duct tape.', '“Silence is golden \nBut duct tape silver.”\n\nConfucius', 'In as much as Frontier had to reverse course on their initial decision with the flight crew, as is proper, but I think at this point we need a new Federal Mandated law.\n\nCause a problem on a plane? On No-Fly list for life - PERIOD!\n\nNo excuse, no apology, no matter what - No-Fly list for life - PERIOD.', 'This is just crazy. I was just on flights this weekend and all I wanted to do is relax, look out the window, have a beverage and listen to music.', 'They used their initiative for the safety of everyone else. Good on them.', 'If memory serves me right, this looks like a lot of hugs and kisses, much like Jan 6th.', 'That guy put everyone on that plane at risk. Lock him up.', "This is appalling, & these flight attendance need to be backed up by their airlines & encouraged to go to the court hearings so the drunk gets some jail time, plus put on the no flight list. It's become a safety issue for the rest of the passengers, if these unruly people can't be dealt with.", 'I think it is great how they were able to  restrain him. If “restraint tape” is provided they were in the right using to prevent further problems from the drunken man.', 'The flight attendants were much to gentle with this unruly passenger.', 'Frontier should be giving this flight crew an accommodation not a suspension.', 'PR in the modern age, Step 1: Issue immediate statement of concern for the well-being of your customers.  Step 2: wait 24-48 hours to gauge social media reaction. Step 3: Formulate official response/actions.  Knee jerk reactions that need to be walked back are SO 20th century.', 'They need to make an ejection room, where you can just boot them off the flight mid flight.', 'Absolutely support the flight attendants, the crew are the ones in charge in the air, same as in a boat.', "I fully support this brave flight crew, who likely didn't  want law enforcement & martial arts as a career.", '"The Handyman\'s secret weapon: Duct tape". -- Red Green', 'Duct tape: A vital part of a flight attendants "Unruly Passenger Emergency Kit"... 😁', '101 ways to use duct tape 😂🤣😅😆🤪 those flight attendants deserve a raise, not suspension.', 'any tape is “restraint tape” if you use enough of it.', "I applaud the flight attendants! He was a danger to himself and others on that flight. That's one way to subdue an unruly passenger dealing with somebody with unruly like behavior and that will teach them to behave like that on a plane", 'I say, keep this procedure in place for all airlines.\nAnd then ban each lunatic from flying on any airline ever again.', "Since there's limited space on a flight and not much room for things that are unnecessary, I'd think the duct tape was there for this exact purpose.", "It's time for every passenger to carry a roll of duct tape in their carry-on!", 'Flight Attendants are more professionals than the cops.', 'Airline supplies restraint tape for unruly passengers, but suspends flight crew for using it......on an unruly passenger!', "OMG. Just when Red Green thought he'd found all 1 million uses for duct tape now there's a million and one. I feel so bad for flight attendants. WTF is wrong with people these days?", 'When your trust fund baby has a full diaper, you gotta duct tape him.', "I bet a million dollars right now that this guy is a dRumpf supporter\n\nI'll even give you odds.\n\nEasy money... for me.", "Do what you gotta do, Frontier. Ain't nobody got time for these fools on planes.", "Why didn't you include the clip of him yelling at the other passengers, and bragging about his rich parents.", 'He was also crying about how much money his parents have', '😂 They duck taped that Dumb Drunk Dude to his seat! 😂 DAMN Straight! 😂', 'If it was in the kit provided to the flight crew then they are free to use it without fear of retaliation.', "*You only need two tools in life, WD-40 and Duct Tape.* \n\n*If it doesn't move and should, use WD-40.*\n\n*If it moves and shouldn't, use Duct Tape.*  😏", 'The penalty for this type of behavior should be minimum 30 days in jail, a fine, and community service', '100 cases in a week is alarming! Something needs to change to discourage such bad behaviour altogether', "What's the over/under on him being a Drumpf supporter? I want in on that action.", 'Good for them.  I support this100% it kept everyone safe to bad they didn’t put it over his mouth', 'Hats off to the staff!!\nThe guy should be banned from flying as danger to the society .', 'When he gets out of jail he will regret that he lost everything for a moment of stupid.', 'See. Your dad was right. Duct tape really does solve all problems.', 'From this day forward, can we all just let everyone know that this idiocy will be stopped whenever we witness it?', 'As much as I love how they took matters in their own hands, but imagine something had happened, like an emergency landing or something where people had to act quick.. who would’ve taken the time to unwrap him?', 'American entitlement at its finest', 'I see an AWESOME tape commercial…\nJust imagine the optics.', 'The part I want to know is if they actually have a modified version of duct tape called restraint tape included in their equipment specifically for this situation what the behind the initial statement from Frontier Airlines criticizing the flight crew for restraining the passenger?', 'What a colossal engineering failure, no ejector seat. I guarantee he would have cooled down very quickly.', "Can't complain about it, the dude was a danger to himself but more importantly others.", 'Why’s he so mad? Is it cuz he left his MAGA hat at home?', "The man that the drunk passenger is swinging at - my hat is off to this gentleman - because you can tell he's handling the drunk like a child throwing a tantrum....as he's trying not to hurt him.  My utmost respect to you Sir - because I'm confident I would have used this man's drunken actions as a reason to unleash a lifetime of anger, frustration, and unresolved conflict on his a**. You are a much better man then I am.👍", 'This seems to be getting more common and "normal ", that needs to change and they do need to make people accountable - Especially if a flight has to turn back or get diverted because of an unruly passenger(s). I am glad the Airline has agreed with the crew and re-instated them, The old axiom that the "customer is always right" might have worked in the old days but today, with no one respecting anyone else, it is time to put the hammer down.', 'Holy did Frontier ever change their story fast... and good thing too.', 'What is it with people getting crazy on flights? Seems like it’s been happening a lot recently.', "This is absolutely hilarious. The flight attendants full interview....I can't even...😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭", 'I dont like how Frontier airlines suspend the flight attendants after what that unruly passenger did to them and during the flight.', 'Can’t wait to see how Fox News is gonna spin this one…HIS RIGHTS…MY RIGHTS…YOUR RIGHTS….FREEDOM!!!', 'How embarrassing this will be when he sobers up and goes to rehab. Covid-19 has other symptoms...this is some of them.', "Large percentage of the country, for over half a decade now, has been told by their leaders that being horrible is okay. Fear this isn't going to end any time soon.", 'Anyone behaving that way should be put on a national "no fly" list.', 'They need to HIRE FLIGHT SECURITY‼️', "He needs to spend some time in jail. Usually it's the anti-maskers that flip out and who are they? The repugnicans, of course.", 'You failed to mention that he punched one of the flight attendants in the face!! Bravo, crew members, you all deserve promotions and raises!', 'If only each and every "Karen" could be treated this way.....', 'Looks like the hugs and kisses insurrectionists were handing out on January 6th.', 'The flight crew protected the passengers period!! They should be rewarded', 'They DO NOT get paid enough for all this 💩', 'When this pandemic is over…the no fly list will be a mile long…', 'How about not serving alcohol in the airport and not on a plane. Real simple. Why put everyone at risk?', 'Hey, being up in the air with someone like that is dangerous. I wouldn’t want this done to me, but I’m also not dumb enough to do what the passenger did.', 'This is so entertaining, I wish I was on that plane.', "Reason #17, why I won't fly. The attendants did what they had to. This could've turned into an all out brawl. Good work, airplane people. 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼", 'Now the MAGA Q Patriots will include airplane duct tape in their bag for their next Riot..', 'I sounds like frontier trained the crew to duct tape unruly passenger. Good one on frontier!', "That guys actions made the actions of the crew necessary. His behavior was completely unacceptable.\nHe need to be taped down. \nThe crew is responsible for the safety of every person on that flight. The idea that they'd be punished for protecting themselves and the other passengers is outrageous. \nIs hand to hand combat even listed in the job description of a flight attendant?\nBecause if that is the new normal, self-defense training should be required.\nOr, maybe start hiring bouncers. \nBetter still, start prosecuting these violent and abusive passengers. And perhaps a life long ban for those that prove to be a danger to public safety.\nIf you are unable to comply with simple rules put in place for everyones safety, and if you feel entitled to abuse flight crew and fellow passengers, you can find another way to get there.", "It might be unconventional, but you can't have the guy freaking out, hurting others, thousands of feet up in the air", 'Even the thought of Suspending the crew was ridiculous \nDealing with combative passengers is the job of and Air Marshall \nIf an Air Marshall isn’t on board,  then it falls to the crew.\nGood job', 'I would have laughed my ass off..', 'After being duct tape to his seat that made him the safest passenger on board.', 'Would be really amusing if the passenger was allowed to fly again...\nBut only if he was totally restrained with the tape <before> takeoff and for the duration of the flight.', "I'm gonna be this guy for Halloween", "Walmart is having a sale on Restraint Tape. I love the commercial, especially the part when family members 'Restraint Tape' uncle Bubba after he goes off on a pro-Trump rant.", 'They didn\'t show him running his mouth saying, " My parents are meelioonaires!!!".  He just graduated from an Ohio college in May, I think reality has hit him that he has to support himself now.', "I mean there wasn't any cops hundreds of feet in the air so you do what you gotta do", 'If it was a Frontier flight, they probably charged him for the duct tape too!!! 😂', '" I will turn this plane around right now!!!!!! "', 'His parents never taught him how to respect others so he gon’ learn today!', "I'm surprised they didn't sneak a few punches in too 👊🤣🤣", 'Man I would’ve taken all sorts of selfies with him', 'Finally, some sanity from officials. Thank you for supporting your crew in this case, Frontier.', 'For all the faults and failures of the airline industry, from routinely overbooking flights, to mismandling fragile luggage to mistreatment of pets, this is an example where I have every sympathy with the flight crew', "We won't tolerate Maga any more ! 😜", "Guy got off easy, surprised he wasn't wearing a red hat", 'This was the same day  that I flew, thank goodness i wasn’t on that flight.', 'Any bets who he voted for? 🤣', 'these guys did a great job subduing a violent person with great restraint themselves,they need to be medaled, my sister works as a flight attendant and id hate to ever have her in such a situation without good trained support crew', 'Once upon a time people behaved themselves.', 'the flight attendants deserve a bonus he should never be able to fly again!', "Shame on you frontier for even considering taking action against this flight crew. I'd like to ask whoever made the initial decision to discipline the flight crew a question.  What the hell would you have done?  Who knows what trouble that maniac could have caused.", 'The staff did nothing wrong, this was on him, sad prick', 'If only they had thought of this just before every Trump rally.', 'He says his parents are worth $2 million, so why is he flying on Frontier Airlines.... where there is no business or first class?', 'All Airlines should stop serving alcohol and if he was already drunk he should never had been allowed on the plane. He is putting everybody in danger.', 'Don’t drink and drive for the safety of you and others.\nDon’t drink on the plane ✈️ for the safety of 100s of passengers.', 'These Passengers know the Rules when Traveling. Unruly Passengers Put Everyone on Board At Risk.', 'You have to do whatever is necessary to safeguard the passengers and crew from a dangerous individual.', 'I\'m sorry.  If you act like an ass you get "treated like livestock." I applaud the staff in this situation. That guy should spend time behind bars and maybe not drink... especially on a plane.', 'Im glad i discovered most locations i can just fast travel to the nearest point.', 'Was this all happening during flight? Of course the unions are gonna defend their members-but wonder if it was necessary(security-TSA?) to duct tape his mouth- it was obvious the man was under the influence- then Frontier should stop serving too much alcohol- that probably would help.', 'Another lifetime ban for an “unruly” passenger.  Airline should have heard full story before criticising the crew.  Imagine if that guy had a seat next to an emergency exit?', "I'll feel safer flying knowing this exists.", 'The longer clip had him being so abusive, and not wearing a mask as well as grabbing the first attendants breasts. An off duty steward was flying in the jump seat, and was a big guy so was able to hold him down.', 'they need to stop serving booze in planes and airports', 'Instead of the tag line "Fly the friendly skys" it FLY THE UNRULY SKYS', 'Kuddos to the flight attendants!  No room for this conduct on a flight when all want to arrive safely!!! Perhaps no alcohol on planes?', 'I have to LMAO about his claim to be from a "wealthy" family.\n\nActually, upon further research, he and both his parents are registered republicans living in a single family house with both of his non-partisan siblings & their grandmother (unknown affiliation).\n\n6 adults, living in a smallish house, last valued at about $220,000, is middle, middle class at best.  LOL.\n\nGranted, I live MUCH, MUCH more modestly (in a rented appartment), but he/they are certainly not wealthy.\n\nHis former fraternity, Phi Game Delta (Fiji) @ Ohio Wesleyan University, needs to demand that he return his May 2021 "award" that they gave him in recognition for being the "perfect role model" for "dismantling frat boy stereotypes" .  He was also the "leader" of Phi Game Delta (Fiji) fraternity according to public media reports.\n\n In fact, he should (in addition to being put on the TSA No-Fly list) have all records of his frat membership reduced to expelled.', 'The crew members did a great job 👏', 'when buddy started saying 99%..I thought he would finish with …were republicans', 'MY GOD! THEY DID THE RIGHT THING', 'I’m sorry but as flight attendants, we are trained to do what we have to do in order to protect our passengers and ourselves. I’m so glad the flight attendant took the necessary precautions to do so. Frontier should be ashamed of themselves for trying to pin this on the crew members!', 'It’s Frontier…. 100% they upcharged him for the duct tape.', 'What does it say about Frontier Airlines for only supporting the flight attendants after public outcry?', 'They did a good job! I wish there were some sort of psych eval or screening before boarding passengers in the planes.', "I'd be willing to wager a large sum of money that that 22 year-old comes from good stock.", 'Good. Now personally, I would add that children on the plane be allowed to entertain themselves by drawing on these tied up idiots. The airlines can provide the markers.', 'Fox News : Look at that mistreated American patriot. I salute you. \n\nOrange people: very fine man.', 'Every airline should institute this great policy ;) bravo 👏', 'And THIS is why I’ll be driving not flying… too much crazy 30,000 ft up😳', 'You know they charged his credit card a $25 fee for that duct tape. The first foot of duct tape is free, but that extra tape is going to cost.', "We could use the tape, or perhaps give him a tour of the cockpit. Let's put it to a vote, passengers", '"Restraint Tape", I like that sounds.', 'They need to ban alcohol on flights', 'One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈', 'These companies will throw they employees under the bus in a heart beat.', 'PEOPLE ARE OUT OF THEIR MINDS !! I HOPE THEY NEVER LET HIM FLY AGAIN( AFTER HE GETS OUT OF JAIL) !!!  THIS POOR CREW !', 'The world needs more flight attendants like this man. Step forward and address the problem. lol', 'Great work by the crew!  I hope  his parents  when they see him announce a change in their wiills  and welcome him to poverty.......', 'Frontier makes Southwest look like Virgin! LOL', "Should be banned from ever traveling on all airlines for the next 5 years. \nRepeat offender after five year punishment then slap on 10 years for the next offense. \nThese ppl really need to realize who's in charge", 'Those flight attendants deserve a bonus!', 'If he’s soooooo rich why is he flying coach?', 'Sometimes you need to take drastic measures with these Biden supporters.', 'This makes my day!', 'Glad to see them fighting back. Good for them.', 'There is literally nothing scarier than some maniac having a meltdown at 30,000 ft! Holy shit! 😅😂', 'It is hard to read about this increase in "air rage" without speculating about some sort of connection with political dissent and political violence. With all the privately-owned gun in the US, today\'s prognosis for widespread violence looks uniquely awful.', 'These guys should train cops how to subdue people without killing them.', 'Good on the crew …great work', 'Maybe he saw a gremlin out on the wing tearing at the engine...', 'About time that a mandatory breath alcohol tests be applied at airports.', 'I want those crewmen when I board any airliners', "Good thing for the passenger Dexter wasn't on this flight.", 'I think I lost faith in humanity after watching this 😂', 'Love that flight crew.', "Well done to those flight attendants. A plane cabin is an enclosed space thousands of feet above the ground, why should this moron be allowed to make everyone else's flight hell.  \nHint to airlines, stop serving alcohol on flights or at least restrict how much people can have and make that clear when people book a flight and how about breath testing any passenger who is about to board who gives the impression that they are inebriated.\nPerhaps a lifetime ban from all domestic flights would deter many from overdoing it too.", 'Stop allowing alcohol on flights.', 'My gratitude to those flight attendants.', 'I drink at the airport so that I can sleep through the flight, but I guess some ppl would rather act a fool instead', 'Why does this remind me of Con Air? "he\'s got the whole world in his hands"', 'While you’re on board airline’s plane, it’s like entering another country. As long as you’re in there, you’re subject to their rules and regulations. Breaking those rules will have consequences so the crew did the right thing. \nI found that out when I was served alcohol on a British airways plane when I was still under 21, yet the plane was here in the US.', 'Finally, a de escalation tactic put into use, the airlines need to have people blow into breathalyzers, and limit alcohol consumption on planes..', 'LOL...I LOVE IT!!! Kudos to the flight attendants.', 'I love that they did this.', 'Why would they suspend them?! What else could they do?', 'Another crazy democrat no doubt 🤔\nThey are very touchy-feely 🤗 \nProbably related to Cuomo somewhere down line 😂😂', 'Love it.', 'do duct tapes really do fix everything', 'Good on the flight crew.', "The airline should realize if they hadn't duct taped him to the chair he could have hurt himself or other passengers and up in the air little injuries can turn serious pretty quickly bc of limited medical help, duct tape does little to no harm by comparrison. I think it should be a go to rule if a passenger refuses to stay in their seat when told by a flight addent.", 'good call on the flight attendants. That man was very unstable and he looked extremely intoxicated.', 'The incident on the weekend flight from Philadelphia to Miami comes as flight attendants around the country are grappling with a surge in unruly and even violent passengers.', 'Duct tape! The universal equalizer!', 'Somehow he’ll make himself the victim', 'Imagine you live in Miami and your mom lives in California and you have to drive there to see her because you are on the no fly list lmao 🤣 that’s a hell of a drive ..', "Awesome work subduing the BroMagnon man. \nAs homo sapiens we should instantly realize the absolute privilege it is to be able to go 40000 feet up in the air and behave accordingly.  People like this can't be allowed to keep existing. We will have A.I and robots to run the machines in the near future. These people are obsolete.", 'Great job Frontier Flight ✈️ Attendants. You rule the cabin 👍🏽👏.....', 'Surprised he didn’t have a MAGA hat on', 'Just an idea, but how about not serving alcohol on planes........... and in addition, give the right to have your breath checked before you board the plane......\n\nIt looks horrible, but you DO NOT want a panic on a plane.', "All passengers should be duct-taped to their seat, it makes for a more 'orderly' flight.", "When you can't handle your drink - don't drink. Throw the book at him.", 'Duct tape? Awesome !', "Gee... I can't figure out why airlines are cutting back alcohol sales.\n\nTell me again why cannibas is illegal in so many places.", 'Well done passengers...', "That's the reason the tape is on board the plane. Good on the flight crew and bad on the airline for not backing the crew from the first minute.", 'Frontier airline..... Go figure\n\nGoing to Florida.... Say No more', 'Cant wait for the video to appear on a karen compilation', '😂😂😂👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻❤️❤️❤️ best video, love it! Wish we all could use it on some … 👍🏻😂😂', 'Permanent flight ban list as well.  Flying is hard enough without fearing some drunk or high A-hole.', 'He asked for it!  I hope none of the flight crew suffer because of this obnoxious passenger!', "GOOD!  There is no excuse for the behavior of that passenger. It would be inexcusable in a grocery store, in tight quarters on an airplane, its' beyond the pale.", 'Alcohol should be banned period.  Cigarettes arent allowed so why allow alcohol.', "He's from Ohio how did he ever manage to afford a plane ticket?", 'This is very hilarious!', 'Good Job FRONTIER.', "Can't believe this! Damn!", 'Duct Tape, the universal tool to restrain a tool.', 'Good choice. Strap them to the seat with tape!! These flight attendants deserve an award!.....sidenote: i hope they stop serving booze on planes!', "There's a use of duct tape Red Green never told us about.", '*I love how he put the tape over his mouth*   \nlike shut up foo', "Better watch out y'all, this guy's daddy and grandpappy are rich big shots so that makes him a rich big shot too!", 'it looks like a horror  movie that i watched in a prison', "I think proper protocol in this case should've been a parachute and a shove, look out below!", 'Unruly  ? 🤦\u200d♀️\n\nHe was groping a Femal Attendant \nand threw a punch as a Male Flight\nAttendant. 😤', 'They should be given medals and promotions!!! 🤣', 'Shoulda just threw him out w a parachute and said good luck 😂', 'Fight these drunk fools!  Let him walk next time!', 'They looked at and said oh shit our flight crew can sue us for suspending them for doing their jobs give us a min to think about it ok we support you now', "You could also say that this is another reason why airlines shouldn't be serving alcohol", 'Airline needs to be sued and attendants should lose job!!!!!!! \n\nAll the other passengers laughing didn’t help. \nIf that was a white attendant and a black passenger everyone be calling racism', 'Leave the Flight Managers Alone', "Beyond it being kinda funny they had zero right to do that and they just gave this guy ammunition to sue the airline with. Hes gonna end up on top don't celebrate those that just ducktape people against their will and be more supportive of letting less people like this on planes", 'I would leave that airline company in a heart beat thinking more of the moron than their staff', 'I love it', "You're thousands of feet above the air, and you wanna mess with the flight?", 'Anybody remember the days when you could just smack the pee out of someone like this and the cops would just shrug their shoulders and take him away? Man I miss the old days.........', "If it could've been done safely for the other customers and flight crew, they should've opened a door and thrown him out. How dare he assault the flight attendants. Incidents like this used to happen rarely. Now it's commonplace because no one gets punished. Its totally disgusting.", "He'll probably be the Republican COP guest speaker and run for office as a Ohio Republican the year after.", 'Oh, restraint tape!  Gotta get one!', 'They should not serve alcohol 🍷 in airline. Drunk passengers are danger waiting to explode', "Maybe it's time to ban alcohol on planes. ❎🥃✈️", 'Did they intentionally forget to cover his nose and mouth?', 'They did a good job though', 'Spirit Airlines reply to hearing this news..... \'We would never use Duct Tape on any of our passengers.  We cannot afford Duct Tape."', "I don't think the story was wild. I say the passenger was wild and the flight attendants were very justified in restraining him to not cause any harm to anyone else on the flight. Once he starts throwing punches he is going down.", 'I guess that flight attendant deserves an award 4 doing bold\nmove😀🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂\nThe Flight Attendant of the Year!', 'affluenza has become almost as much of a problem as covid', 'I hope the flight attendants got raises!', 'This is great news🤣😁', 'I understand duct taping someone to a chair sounds bad but if this person did this on the ground he would be kicked out of whatever establishment he was in.    In this instance kicking him out would kill him and put everyone on the plane in danger so duct tape it is', 'As they say...”If you can’t duct it...”', 'those flight attendants should file charges against that man for sexual harrassment, it is afterall on tape. What more proof do they need!', '[insert cry laughing emoji]', 'Get ready to catch the soap in the prison shower.', 'Haha 👏🏽👏🏼👏🏾👏🏽👏🏼👏🏾👏🏽', "1:43\nshe wasn't paying attention to a single word he said", 'Yep well flight crew!', 'Well done to the airline and crew. Here, in the UK, such incidents do occur but the consequences for the obnoxious passenger are always severe. The pilots radio-ahead to the next airport (either an intended stop or a diversion) and police meet the plane, arrest the passenger and charge him with endangering an aircraft etc - gaol often follows.', 'Desperate times, call for desperate measures.', 'Excellent 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼.', 'THis should be standard practice!!', 'Next time you fly,  remember to not do anything that results in you being ductaped to your seat. Please and thank you.', 'Give that crew a bonus.', 'Don’t forget to bring your tape!', 'Those flight attendants deserve hazard pay!', 'They should have cells on those planes (Right next to the rest room)', 'Yes.  I stand with the flight attendants.', 'Lmao!!', 'this is how anybody should handle Trump supporters!', "The most surprising thing of all this, for me, is I thought Frontier only had flights that were in the pacific northwest/westcoast, because that is like the 'frontier' of the country. I guess Alaska too? hahaha. You learn something every day. What a brave new world.", 'who is watching this after the interview of alfredo rivera :)', 'Good for them 👍👏👏👏😍', 'God job aircrew! Well done! Mission accomplished! You guys are heroes for the safety of all passengers and the flight!', 'A cattle prod would work too.', 'Shame. I hope he gets a hard jail time to ward off such behavior.', "That's awesome", 'This is getting ridiculous‼️', 'Planes need to have ejection pods, so they can just throw unruly passengers in them and eject them from the plane. That would eliminate flight delays. Charge the passenger for the recovery of the pod and parachute.', "That's ridiculous behavior. \nThat's why I always carry Duct tape, you never know when you'll need it. 🤗\n\nPlease stay safe 😷\nPlease survive this virus 😷🤗", 'I praise the flight attendants.', 'They did what they had to do.', 'Yay Frontier!', 'Duct Tape Saved The Day 🐾📦🏷', 'Behave or walk to your destination 😜', "I strongly disagree with just taping him to the seat. Thinking Superglue, until he can't move.", 'Yeah 1st time he thought it was a bus..yeah', 'That title. Brilliant', 'ABSOLUTELY SUPPORT THE FLIGHT CREW ! ! !   And DEFINITELY PROSECUTE the passenger !!!', "With that name ..& from Ohio ..I wouldn't doubt if he had planned on acting up on that flight.  \n\nI like the duct tape idea as a safety precaution, lol.  It works apparently.\n\nI wonder if he was paid because of his name, where he flew from & where he flew to.   \n\nAlso, what was the race of the crew members ?  \nIs he or friends of his kkk members ? \n\nThat flight crew did exactly what they needed to do in order to keep our air space safe.  Period.", 'Nurses need that tape too', 'All these people acting like idiots should be prosecuted and never take it out on the attendants that are trying to make sure that themselves and the other passengers are safe.', 'Yeah restraint is one thing but duct taping his face, yeah I dont know about that. That part very well may hurt the airline.', "Here is the idea this kind of violence person name should be register in Plain ticket record so they can not , never allow them to board in plain ever again  right   violence customer front of their name in air plain registry for future safety of staff and other customers they don't have a right to fly .if they misused and abused privileges they can catch the bus 😁", 'These flight attendants did what they had to do', "It was either the flight crew and paying passagers or taping this fool up it's a no brainer the flight crew did the right. The whole flight should sue him.", 'Bravo....Lucky they didn\'t give him the Arnold in the "Commando Movie" treatment..."Excuse me, Don\'t disturb my friend, He\'s dead tired.', '😂😂😂 Good job', "How!? and why!? do they Even Allow people with alcohol / Intoxicated to go on a plane anyway!? That's so stupid and foolish. 🙄😒", "Bruh, it's so inhumane", "What happen to the Federal Marshall's?", 'Well done! Passengers increase in unruly and dangerous behavior has become ridiculous. I hope the police were there upon landing to untape him, take him in and charge him with reckless endangerment.', 'Good news!!!!', '🤣🤣🤣🤣!!! Kickass!!!👍👍', 'Greetings from Poland to all of you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', 'Looks like we got another florida man (flight was phili to miami)', 'We are officially out of news.', 'They should be giving an award 🥇 not suspended', 'As a former stu, I applaud the efforts of the crew in this appalling situation.   Yes they probably had restraints “in the back bin” or wherever they were stowed, but they had to think fast and used the resources nearest them to subdue this pathetic individual.  It will be interesting to see if the FAA supports their unconventional  actions or Fines the Airline for not having  followed protocols laid out in the training manuals.', 'BOYCOTT FRONTIER if they fire any of these staff members. No one should be assaulted or sexually harassed on any flight. Get behind the staff here people.', 'Bring back the stocks', 'Wow home boy belongs in a looney bin😲', '*what a wild story*', 'I think airline needs to raise ticket prices because in the past flying was a luxury, and now we have spirit and frontier.', "Good on 'em.  Airlines have been *JERKS* throughout the *entire* pandemic, but *FLIGHT CREWS* have been abused far beyond reality and it's time to tape the abusers to their seats for the safety of the crew and other passengers.  BOOOOOO to the airline's first response - the customer is *NOT* always right.", 'Why is there only a charge for assault and no charge for groping?', 'Every "Karen" should get this treatment on a plane...or in Starbucks...the zoo...city parks...everywhere!!!  LMAO', 'this stuff happens all the time now', 'Hey good thing out of it homie will go viral on tic tok!!', 'Start banning some of these fools from flying ! And stop listening to their whining and complaining about being mistreated after pulling a stunt like this ..... They need to get on top of this before flight attendants have to start carrying handcuffs and tasers !', '~He should be banned from all a Airlines as a safety hazard. \n~Pay damages to his fellow passengers and crew.', "Didn't this happen recently on a different flight?", 'They better retract or why would they have that type of tape on board then!!!', 'Sucks how the company had to wait fir the court of public appeal to defend their workers', "It's a Crazy Darren", 'LOL 😂', 'Shameful Frontier Airlines trying to throw their employees under the bus before even reviewing what happened.', 'Red Green would be so proud.', 'If ya can’t duct it …', 'Lock em up', 'Keep packing them in like sardines. Ill never fly again they keep reducing seat sizes. I flew delta last year to Miami center seat. My knees were no bullshit in my own throat.', "What was he drinking?  I gots ta ha'dat.", "Couldn't they just get him off the plane? If they hadn't already taken off obviously", 'Lol 😂', 'Next time just give an extra bag of peanuts', 'He’s from Ohio? Of course. Another stupid Red State.', "Max was pretty much in the wrong, don't care if he's drunk or not.", 'Fly Frontier, About time somebody did it the right way 22 time to man up BOY', 'Willie brown used duct tape on veep throat.', 'He should be banned from all airlines for ever along with all the other nuts causing trouble in the air!!', 'Thank God Frontier got back on track . They were about to be apart of the cancel culture seriously', 'Didn’t they use duck tape in wolf of wall street too?', "So they allow the others to stand up and film this like its a freak show. The guy was drunk and also being an idiot but didn't deserve to be embarrassed like that, If the plane was in mid air this would of put all those on the plane in danger by the shift of weight. They were egging him on and trying to break him and the flight crew allowed it. I don't believe this whole story yet! Sounds like there's more to it!", 'Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'So the white male bragged about his rich daddy, got drunk, sexually assaulted two women and attacked a black crew member.... and frontier  wanted to suspend the black and female crew members?', 'Of course they’re from Philly 🤦🏻\u200d♀️', 'IM SCREAMING WHAT IS TJIS', "At least he didn't get thrown off the plane while in flight.", 'USA public life is turning into a  madness', 'LOL!', 'They did the right thing.. but how traumatizing for all. Shame on this guy. I support the flight crew.', 'He physically assaulted 2 female attendants and then threw punches at another. He should be in jail and the flight attendants need a dang raise.', 'best flight attendants ever..... They better get a pay increase!!!!!', 'They should thrown them out the door!!!!!', "Too bad, he can't hire Giuliani to defend him.", 'flight attendants need a pay raise!', 'Thank God for duct tape.', 'Me on Mondays.', 'But, but, I only had one drink, occifer!', 'If it was a black man being restrained with duct tape on the mouth by a larger white flight attendant, I bet my life savings there would be another  "I cant breathe" movement.', '🤣🤣🤣Duck tape fixed that problem real quick..Flying in the skies keeps getting more crazier each day ..Shout out to the flight attendant...', 'Red Green would be proud!', 'Why do airlines even serve alcohol on planes?not everybody can handle their liquor well.seems like a recipe for desaster if you ask me', "If you can't hold your liquor you shouldn't drink, or fly", '"What a wild story"= Stupid comment', "He's on ice. Must be a trumper.", 'Air Mormons , alcohol free flights 😘😎😅😅🌱', 'um you sure thats a flight attendant and not an air marshall? he looking pretty buff', 'That alcoholic guy was a threat to the passengers. The flight attendants are the HEROES 🦸\u200d♀️ 🦸\u200d♂️ of this flight!!! 💪🏽', "Yes!! Prosecute all Karens!!!\n\nDon't want to be duct taped to a chair? Act like a respectful adult in public \n\nIt's actually not hard.", 'i9 like how the other people are tryign to stop this but the guy was helping', 'Is this only happening with US citizens?', "Wow. The man should be charged with more. However many people were on board were in danger if they _hadn't_ taken the actions they did.", "They need to stop alcohol service on domestic flights.  He put every single passenger's life at risk.  Thank God they had duct tape handy.", 'Mummify This!!!!', 'This is epic 😆', 'That is very different from duct tape', 'I guess he will have to go Greyhound from now on.', 'Male version of "Karen"', 'He might just needed some hugs.', 'Alcohol needs to be banned from flights.', 'It’s frontier, you get what you get.', "It's bad to duct tape him but giving the situation it is a must otherwise he will jeopardise the safety of the flight. Airlines should be given a medical licence to administer - ' a tranquilliser' to put him to Sleep until arrival ...", "WD40 and DuctTape.... Don't leave home without em.", 'No federal charges!!!!   They suspended the airline employees initially.  This pompous dangerous drunk should be band from commercial airlines for at least 10 years.  His rich family can buy him a plane for his entitled behavior.  Did he submit a blood for toxicology?  This behavior was more than two drinks,', 'I’m done ☠️', 'Eject Eject Eject!!!', 'Everybody going crazy', 'Why didn’t airlines do that before? Lmao', '🤣🤣🤣', 'About fuckin time!', 'give the flight attendants a big fat raise salary.', 'Bravoo!', "All the passengers who didn't get stuck landing early at an airport they didn't want to go to love these flight attendants to death. Why should hundreds of other passengers lose many hours of their lives to one drunk a-hole? Maybe he'll act like an adult in the future.", 'Aliens be like: "See? THIS is why humans can\'t join our club. They reach high altitudes and go ape shit!"', 'It\'s pathetic that flight attendants even need to be supplied with "restraint tape" yet alone that they have to actually use it! Ridiculous!', 'Until all flight attendants are issued tasers and manacle/cuffs (and complete the training)....Duct tape will  have to do.', "does  this  comply  with  the  airline's  safety  regulations ?   What  about  a  situation  where  passengers  have  to evacuate  in  an  emergency  ?   the  taped  passenger  would  have  to  burn  in his  seat  ?", 'Wtf ? People need to learn how to behave. \nMiss the days of flying when people dressed properly and respected fellow passengers', '🤦🏻\u200d♀️ why can’t people just sit back and enjoy the ride? People have places to go and here’s a jerk who wants to ruined everything for everyone.', 'Never mix benzos with alcohol.', 'COVID On A Plane 🤧', 'Lock him up.', 'Good.', 'hello everybody❤️', 'Its always the ones born rich 😒,they think he can do whatever he wants because his family.', 'Applause to the flight attendant. Prime example why some adults shouldn’t drink🤦\u200d♂️ I think they shouldn’t even serve alcohol on planes cause then people start acting up like there tuff..', 'They was  right  by putting the tape\nStupid behaviour of the passenger \nI feel they  stop giving alhocol in the plane no drinks everything will be  normal', 'They deserve what they get', 'How many drinks did they serve him?', 'How to make yourself world famous in one day.  🙄', 'That’s Frontier', 'I hope his employer and any potential future employer take note of this jerk. If this doesn’t result in assault charges I’d like to know why.\n\nThe bar for behavior in this country has fallen to historic lows.', "This is where we are? If you can't handle your liquor, don't drink. You make it harder for the rest of us who know how to control ourselves.", "He tweeted justice for himself after speaking out... he says he didn't grope anyone. But acts like he wasn't unruly either\n.", 'This is just so disappointing. What kind of human being never learn? They should be criminally charged, we need to solve the mental health crisis', 'You will be search for any drugs you have on you, before and after a flight but your ass can still get drunk before and after a plane ride….', 'It only took four hours for CNN to post this', 'Flight attendants did exactly the right thing in this situation.  Don\'t know why Frontier would have ever even thought about suspending them----that\'s ridiculous!  What\'s also ridiculous is the airlines and prosecutors not prosecuting ALL these kinds of cases swiftly and very publicly to send a message, as "unruly" flight passengers are becoming far too numerous, endangering passengers and flight crews alike.  Perhaps more U.S. Marshalls onboard flights, also?', 'This is why I don\'t fly cheap airlines. I\'m willing to bet had he paid for first class, whatever potentially pissed him off wouldn\'t have happened. I know he was "drunk", but you know some airline bullshit probably happened to piss him off. It only makes sense.', 'Democrats are losing their minds', 'Maybe you have to be drunk to fly Frontier Airlines.', 'Smart good ideal', 'No u.s. Marshalls on the flight?', 'fascism is  rising in US society', 'Yeah it was Rudy Giuliani 🔇', 'Red Green approves.', 'Good', 'JUST HAVING FUN 😁🖕💯👊💪', "Wowww .....they save them people's life period....", "Is it a prerequisite to get it wrong before getting it right. Option A, let the idiot hurt another passenger or himself. Then  they crew gets days off, before being dismissed.  Ahhh, that makes sense. That's why management deserves the big pay and bonuses.", 'Stop serving alcohol to alcoholics', 'Standard procedure!', 'How much youall bet that the guy taped to the chair is a trumper😅🤦\u200d♂️😝', 'People need to stop their damn drinking.', 'We all know who he voted for lol.', 'Cue get ahold of yourself scene from airplane the movie', 'wow.', 'Hahaha good', 'Can you IMAGINE the legal shit storm the airline would  be in right now if that passenger was BLACK?\n\nOn top of that, they would have to pay for the construction of a monument on the National Mall of the passenger and his brave struggle with “institutional……..” , ah you know.', 'Why do People act like that on Airplanes?  People are out of control, but I guess that reflects current society as a whole!', 'What a sticky situation.', 'Should have been exited out at altitude', '😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', "I'm here to remind you about the January 6th insurrection and that Babbitt deserved it. Have a good day.", '👍🏽👍🏻👍👍🏿 there should be a secret door on planes that can secretly throw idiots like that off the plane in the air. 🤔😜🤪 And then say, (0ops my bad.😂🤣', 'It’s time to start putting these people in prison for a LONG time. Do not threaten my safety because you’re too drunk to listen to the flight attendant. Maybe if we make an example out of a few of these nut jobs it will stop. Life in prison for endangering the lives of 200+ passengers. Hell if it was up to me it would be capital punishment. This has got to end. It’s embarrassing.', '😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Drugged up on alcohol', '😂😂😂😂😂😂💀⚰', "Everybody's gone MAD these days 😕", "The crew are heroes!! Give them a raise! We can't afford this behavior at 35,000ft. Remember 9/11. These airlines need to back their crew members. Stop serving alcohol on planes.", "Ummm, not duct tape. That's shrink wrap. Not nearly as dangerous. It's perfectly fine. Nobody could've choked or bruised, cops should use this method.", "There is nothing Duct Tape can't fix.", 'There should be a lifetime ban to fly on passengers that disrupt an act out on an airplane!…..PERIOD!', 'REAL CURE FOR BACTERIAL VAGINOSIS, HPV, GENITAL  WARTS  sometimes we just need to give a try to herbal Medicine to see for ourselves. I am very happy that I do not listen to what people say if not i would have been a dead man by now. I was infected with HSV in 2018, i went to many hospitals for cure but there was no solution,  so I was thinking how can I get a solution out so that my body can be okay. One day I was in the office thinking where I can go to get solution. so a lady walked to me telling me why am I so sad and i open up all to her telling her my problem, she told me that she can help me out, she introduce me to a doctor who uses herbal medication to cure HSV, HIV/AIDS, ASSHOLE DISEASE, HPV, BACTERIAL VAGINOSIS (BV)  and many more disease and she gave me his email, so i mail him. He told me all the things I need to do and send me the herbal medicine through a courier delivering service and also give me instructions to take, which I followed properly. Before I knew what was happening after 3 weeks the HSV that was in my body vanished and the blister dried off . I went to the hospital for a test and it was negative. This man is real and he is the solution to herpes virus. so if you are also heart broken and also need a help, you can also Email: Osad2383@gmail.com call or \r\nWhatsApp +2349154653305  according to this great DR he can also cure HIV, ALS,CANCER, COLD SORE, HPV, HEPATITIS OF ALL KIND  AND DIABETES, ,,___________', 'Bwahahahahahaha', "I'm surprised you're not gonna say it's Trump's fault 😆😆😆 🥴", "Drunks are the worst! Duct taping was a superb strategy and I'm glad frontier is finally supporting the team. Swift Justice is always ideal but sometimes it's delayed.", "This what U have to do to unruly people  just tape dem to their seat it's so easy", 'Another one? Yeesh.', 'Well that could be acceptiblem', 'This is why flight attendants lose teeth.', "If airlines continue to serve alcohol these incidents will continue.It wasn't until 2000 that smoking was outlawed on planes, it's time to outlaw alcohol.What will it take? A murder?", 'how did they duct tape someone when he is in a rage like that. They should have handcuff on board.', "Great idea!!!!! Got enough tape for Republican hater's and liar's?", 'STOP serving alcohol in planes.', 'They need security on these  flights its getting from bato worse', 'Wild 🤦\u200d♀️', 'You just know the guy voted Trump.', "This is why little Republicans should be forced to stay in their small towns and away from the better population. You can't take these losers anywhere without them causing a scene 🤷\u200d♂️.", 'That guy must be a Democrat who heard the news about Arizona forensic audit ADMISSIBLE in court hahahah WE ARE GONNA FRY THAT RINO REPUBLICAN IN ARIZONA DOWN SHE GOES', '*my parents are worth 2 million dollars and my grandparents are worth more than this plane* just some of the words the guy was yelling', 'The unleashed f***ery must stop!', 'He voted for Trump.', "and of course he's a trumplican🤦", 'Holy shit! What’s wrong with people?', 'Florida man, strikes again.', 'They treated him like a old refrigerator!', 'What a creep', 'This passenger should never be allowed on a flight again or any public transportation.', "Imagine if this man was Black, he would've likely been shot dead.", 'fake,he has another video with different name', 'What happened to the flight marshal? I thought every flight had a flight marshal!🤔', "It's not duct tape, CNN.  Get your headline correct at the very least, sheesh.", 'They do not look like flight attendants', 'Press charges', 'Welp. It’s post 9/11. Nothing is off limits with this type of crap from passengers. What would stop him from hurting people and what would stop him from doing something to the plane and hurt everyone on board? \n\nHe hit people and sexually assaulted the flight attendants and were thousands of feet in the air. What else were the supposed to do? Where were they supposed to go?? Duct tape is fine by me.', "Since pilots have the right to shoot unruly passengers, I'd say the guy got off lucky.", 'Time to ban. Alcohol. On flights', 'THANK GOD they charged the guy. This stuff slows or stops when consequences are publicized. He may not have an FBI investigation but those charges MUST stick.', 'Was it another Texas democrat flying and not wearing a mask, violating the federal laws they created? You know the hypocrite democrats.', 'Anyone causing disruption in a flight should be put in a no flight list.', 'At this point they need to stop serving alcohol on the damn planes', "If it's gotta be then it's gotta be.", 'Lmfao.', 'These unruly passengers need to be giving severe punishment and fines.', 'Unfortunately, no longer shocked at this behavior….', 'Why isn’t this shocking? Why am I not surprised? The passenger should be charged and never ever allowed to fly.', 'I think the flight attendants should be sent to advanced training... to become air marshalls!!!', 'very kinky....rough trade.......roooowwwwwrrrrrrrr!!!!', "You need to change the title of this video because you clearly know it wasn't duct tape because in this video, the reporter said it is restriction tape. Don't use this to mislead people,CNN.", '555', 'Just another REPUBLICAN causing problems for the rest of us!!!', 'Stop serving alcohol', 'That’s against the law', 'What happened to the sexual assault', 'I would rather travel by mule than fly right now', 'Passengers get dragged. Passengers hit flight attendants. Passengers get duct taped-- Sorry, restraint taped-- by flight attendants.', "He's from buckhole ohio....silver medal holders in the opioid olympics...he was probably stoned.", 'He also groped two, presumably, female flight attendants. He better not fly again for at least 10 years.'], ['Too bad for him, this story isn’t disappearing like nyc grandparents', 'First he blames his Italian heritage and says its his tradition.\nThen he blames his parents, saying it was how he was brought up.\nThen he blames the victims, saying that they are all exaggerating.\nAt what point does he blame himself for the position he is in?', 'Where’s Chris !! Does he still got that Xtra large Q tip for the Luv Gov !!😂😂😂🤣🤣', "He'll be okay. He'll make it. He's got his brother's help in recorded calls giving advice on how to best deal with accusations and calls for resignation.", 'Why would he resign? As far as I can tell he has the same morals as the people who voted for him.', 'Finally, after 24 hrs CNN uploaded a video about Cuomo.', 'The Nursing Home Reaper needs more than being resigned.', 'You’re all part of a house of cards that’s lost all credibility.', "*WHY WAIT SO LONG? BELIEVE ALL WOMEN. PERIOD. RIGHT? NOPE. ONLY IF THE ACCUSED IS SOMEONE THE MEDIA DOESN'T LIKE.*", '“I…did not…have sexual relations…with these multiple women…” - Andrew Cuomo', 'CNN is complicit for giving Cuomo special treatment when they let his brother interview him.', 'Oh I know why he won’t step down\nHe’s got a lot of covering up to do', 'They new this stuff last year but since the election is over now we will make an issue of it.Good job CNN late to the show kicking and screaming to even talk about it', 'im shocked that he didnt blame the russians', '4 trump videos and 1 video on Cuomo in the last 24 hours on CNN.', 'Damn, they did that poll in only a single day?  Usually, it extends over a period of a few days.', 'All hail the "love gov!" Single and ready to mingle!', 'He’s a modern day mafia kingpin.', '"Everyone should be a Cuomosexual!" -CNN early 2020', "Looks like Moe szyslak is in more trouble than they bargained for can't wait to see how this plays out🤔", 'What’s really pissing Cuomo off is now everyone knows he has more in common with Trump than we first knew.', 'andy is what’s evacuated upon administration of an enema and chrissy is what’s used to clean up the mess! \nBa-hahaha', 'I am deeply sorry (looks off at cue cards on what to say next).', 'Calls for his resignation? The state AG said he broke federal and state laws, why hasn’t he been arrested?', "It's a shame that CNN banned Chris from interviewing him.\nI feel like this whole thing could of been resolved with that ridiculously oversized Q-Tip.", 'He is not qualified to “help” her!!!!  He was out of line.', "Does Italian tradition include putting a hand UP a women's top?", 'Democrats are always pretending that they care about these types of things until their own party does it.', 'All he needs to say is “my white privilege made me do it, I have now learned to be anti racist”\nThen he will be forgiven.', 'CHRISSY GOTTA GO TOO!  I WONT BE WATCHING HIS SHOW ANYMORE.\nCNN LOST ITS WAY!  THEY EVEN BROUGHT BACK THAT SICKO TOOBIN!', 'A true freak of nature! He should start a rock band with Anthony Wiener.', "His brother has his back along with the rest of the propagandists at CNN so I'm sure he'll be fine.  If he can kill off NY's most vulnerable citizens and get away with it, this is nothing.", '"I thought I could help her" says the psychiatrist. Then he goes on to say he said thing he would never say to someone. Like that doesn\'t scream guilty! This man since the start of COVID-19 came off as a man who abuses power and thinks or thought he was untouchable. Even when he is wrong he won\'t stop. I cannot wait for him and de Blasio to go down.', 'He’s not the only Cuomo who should be forced to resign and prosecuted. Shame on CNN for their shameful coverage of this corrupt family', '" I thought I could help her...." Oh please!!! He\'s a disgusting creep.', 'Coumo, I\' m just one of the Italian Goodfellas, we touch, we kiss. " Forget About It"!!!', 'I care more about all those deaths on his hands', 'Let\'s see the evidence. Time to stop talking about the "witness credibility" and start showing the objective facts.', 'The Fredo brothers should be removed from their offices!', "He's got a D next to his name so, when it comes to the elderly people he killed, nothing will come of it. And an AG that's on his side comes out and says he's guilty of 11 counts of sexual harassment but no prosecutors are jumping on it", 'The AG found that Fredo was one of Andy’s advisors who contributed to the toxic harassment culture. Oddly enough, Fredo is taking a "long-planned" vacation next week. Given his ratings, I think he might come back to no job.', "A lot of words that translate into we can't impeach him.", 'CNN is being REALLY careful with this story lol', 'Democrats: Believe all women.\n\nAlso democrats: hmmmm when it suits me.', 'Show the coverage of the puppet in chief saying Fredo’s brother should step down. And raggedy ann deflecting legitimate questions about the proven true allegations of sexual harassment against the puppet in chief? Old Joe should also resign. Scary part is Kamaltoe is next in line, then polident pelosi. CNN and their sheep that follow this DNC state media should be held accountable.', 'This is CNNs favorite Mayor and why they never said anything until now. He and brother both need to be looked at.', 'Democrats are starting to eat their own, I love it!', 'This is Insane. He was a good governor. I have been sexually harassed too on the job, but I didn’t feel the need to go to the news about it. Shameful! How many times do we have to hear this in the national media.', 'Can you imagine having "Worked at CNN" on your Resume - I cant', 'I wonder if Andrew Cuomo still have the gut to stay here is US? or will he move somewhere else in the world hide for the rest of his remain time.', 'So we’re just gonna ignore the fact he killed 15000 elderly people in nursing homes???', 'Governor Scary Clown said he kisses everyone, even strangers on the street. He knows he is a creep but why would he think that is an alibi? Isn’t he a lawyer?', 'The headline should be "Cuomo assaulted multiple women like he was a gaetz"', 'Cnn always knows the truth and who is the best for theres viewers. Like Michael Avenatti… oh no wait…', 'I seem to remember the Democrats repeatedly saying that "No one is above the law." What he did would land us peasants in jail. Are we going to see justice?', 'Please get Chris on to explain the email he sent to his brother.', 'If Cuomo ran for mayor of NYC, he would win in a landslide.', 'Well at least it’ll be easier for me to become governor', 'I mean at least he hasn’t been caught in public checking on his multi million dollar home during the heart of COVID while everyone was supposed to be in lockdown. Wasn’t that his brother? 😀', 'Don’t make you Resigj let him finish and run again! That way we can proof the hypocrisy of politicians and progressive feminists 😘😘', 'Hey yo the Cuomo brothers have got to go, hey yo the Cuomo brothers have got to go..👋', 'Andrew Cosby Cuomo, and His Side Kick Chris Frederico Corleone Cuomo.', "Well, if you are given Chomo and Kamala what do you choose, the Democrats want Cuomo gone, he's a big threat to the party😒 but that's how politics work.", 'HAS CNN BEEN ON THE CORRECT SIDE OF ANYTHING? 🤣', '"I do it with everybody!" Yeah, well, maybe you shouldn\'t do it with anybody because it\'s a violation of personal space. Who likes to be grabbed in the face, for example?  *shivers *', 'Why doesn’t Matt Gaetz resign ?', 'They just want to replace him with one of their crazies.', 'Gee...where were all the media outlets when he was sending COVID patients back to nursing homes and touching women inappropriately like the pervert in the White House?', 'Cnn two face, a year ago cnn was praising him now going against him 🤣🤣🤣', 'Killing grannies,smacking fannies😡\nThe Love Gov is not above the law', 'I remember not too long ago when you Democrats wanted Cuomo for President. LOL', 'Where is Freddo when you need him? Chris? Uh I mean Freddo!?', 'This mo fo ain’t planning on going anywhere! Demoncrats will change the subject to Orange Man Bad in 3, 2, 1...', 'What he did to all these women which I clearly now believe~I never not believed it just to clarify, but I did wonder, before I knew the actual acts and words, that perhaps it could be a generational misunderstanding at least in some of the cases. I clearly see that isn\'t so. And furthermore, anybody who could respond the way he has responded first of all, is stupid because trying to gaslight the public and try really hard to make these women doubt themselves is disgusting all by itself. He is NOT going to Trump his way through this and the fact that that is what he is trying to do~ playing the recently so popular game of "Just deny deny while repeating the LIE\'\', while continuing to call them  liars is a game he will lose, has already lost., He decided to play trump\'s game, that\'s what he CHOSE as his response... And it  Is as egregious as the original conduct towards all of these women, egregious and insulting, disrespectful and clearly demonstrates his undeniable misogyny and inability to lead.\n\nStep down, governor. You\'ve blown up your own career. Hope it was worth it because this is how you will be remembered.', "He's just one of many dems that got caught. We will see how protected he is.", 'Took you guys a while to report on this\nBut if it was a republican then you’d have 24hr live coverage with guests from the democrat party talking their usual nonsense', 'Dems eating their own, you just love to see it.', "I can't wait to find out how this is somehow Trump's fault.", "His brother got to go also remember last year how much CNN praised him like he was the greatest thing to come along since sliced bread I guess he's toast now", "I've been a supporter but now it's time to resign. Now", "CNN isn't doing a story on how their reprobate talking head Fredo, helped his reprobate brother contrive a defense to these allegations. There are rumors that CNN even tried to smear the women accusing this reprobate at one point!", 'Cuomo resigns and CNN has yet to cover this?  Pathetic.', 'Why didn’t Chris cover this?', "Why does he get the privilege to resign or quit just because he's some big shot Democrat Governor the hypocrisy that comes out of this fake ass news", 'Has anyone found out what’s going to happen to his book deal?! Thrown in the bin I hope!', 'I need a cotton wand mega size pls !', "But he's not resigning over killing at least 15,000 people in nursing homes. He should be in prison.", 'criminally negligent homicide...the investigation is still open.  Will Andy be held accountable?  Looking forward to the civil suits to follow his resignation...break the bank.', 'Fredo and the Love Gov. are finished!', 'Why do democrat politicians always molest women…. Smh', "I'm pretty sure a lot of democrats are salty about this", 'Not only should he resign but ought to be prosecuted afterwards.', 'CNN has given more air time to what is going on with the my pillow guy than to this story.🤔Do you think we can stop acting like CNN is news at this point.🤨How can anyone trust anything these people say anymore.', 'After they impeach him maybe he can go on CNN and swap spaghetti sauce recipes with Fredo.😆', 'Cuomo acting as Shaggy It wasn’t me I almost grab her in the office I wasn’t me i almost had her in the shower it wasn’t me I almost had the state trooper gun and all with smoke hat it wasn’t me', "Feel for elderly in nursing home he let die just saying he should be jail. Saying sorry don't matter times up bye.", "The question is: does it weaken the party to remove him from office? He stood up to trump and his goons during the pandemic. New York was the state with the most covid and he turned that around. He was a voice of leadership at that time. \nIs it time for him to face the music of his personal behavior? I hope so.\nI also hope he's replaced by someone with equal parts guts and determination in the face of oppressive fascist right wing bullies.", 'How about he be charged for these CRIMES?', 'How quickly the left turns on there COVID-19 darling', 'Cant make this up, Jeffrey Toobin was reporting this', 'The most important thing is the citizens of the USA is understanding more and more that if this was you ... you would have been fired from your job and most likely been arrested.', 'He won an Emmy! 😂', 'Hmmmm, why CNN not covering resignation a couple hrs ago', 'Cnn is a joke. They fawned over this guy for an entire year and said he was fantastic with covid even after killing old people in retirement homes. They even wanted this guy as president lol', 'Brothers who lie together, get fired together 🤞🏼', 'That mouth of hers make pepper spray, whistles, exclamations and combat utensils seem a bit superfluous...no? Good for her, though.', "There's video of Biden doing what Cumo is being charged with. How come the Pres gets a pass?", 'WHAT ABOUT THE PEOPLE HE MURDERED BY PUTTING COVID PATIENTS IN NURSING  HOMES ????', 'Finally, a politican being held responsible for his actions.\nRepublicans, are you watching?', 'my my - cnn actually having to report the news', 'Chris Cuomo should tell CNN where to go. And then sit back and laugh when the ratings tank to bottomless levels.', "Cuomo's response is gaslighting, pure and simple.", 'Republicans have been calling this megalomaniac out for years while democrats praised the ground he walked on.', 'This has to kill CNN to put out a story of their favored anchor & his touchy brother. Maybe next they can do a story on Chris about how he misconducted himself as a "journalist"......', 'Well you should have thought about that before letting Fredo interview Sonny and joking on national news #Cuomosexuals', "This is just to distract from the nursing home situation. He'll get to leave on on sexual allegations which is way less severe of criminal charges of murder", 'Governor Cuomo’s words and actions were inappropriate no doubt about it. But to me, in at least several of these cases, Cuomo was not coming on to them or being sexual. He was just being himself - a very physical, affectionate, jovial person. Did any of these accusers tell him they were uncomfortable and then he continued the behavior? Inappropriate conduct alone is not grounds for impeachment or for trying to force him to resign. Cuomo is a good man, with a good heart. Yes he made mistakes and exercised bad judgment. But he apologized and can and will change. NY lawmakers have been trying to oust Cuomo for months if not years.', 'jut checking out what the fair and balanced news station has to say lol', 'How does Fredo feel about this?', 'Touché  🤺 Let’s see if the Libs are as eager to get rid of Cuomo as they were Cavanagh… Based on similar evidence.\n🏓 Your Serve 😂', "Lots of Hugging and Kissing in prison. Cuomo's gonna Love it there.😍", 'Instead of resigning, just don’t run for another term 🤷🏽\u200d♂️', 'Evil always implodes on it self \nThis guy is full of s👀t', 'A refusal to resign may have everything to do with not wanting to admit wrongdoings and accept the consequences. It’s just that simple. Pride vs Humility has been around for a long time.', 'What exact does "powerful democrats" imply?', 'what the communist  news network should do to take advantage of this is to have fredo interview him that would boost their ratings more than ever.  but alas it is back to the tds saga,  ted koppel was right on the mark when he told humpty dumpty that cnn cannot survive without trump. and so it goes, btw so you know trump is no longer in office.  you do have the village idiot he has lots of things to try and say.', "No it can't be true want my Emmy back please", 'The Boomerang, Cuomo, the Boomerang effect.', "Wasn't it you the PRAVDA, who just one short year ago called him Amerika's governor?", 'CNN covered for this guy and look. Wont talk about him. Post 1 video a day after the evidence was found. Then don’t post again. Matt Gaetz had false accusations hit against him, and that was well over 4-5 months ago and CNN reports on him religiously. You CNN cult followers don’t realize you are sheep being lead to your doom.', 'By the way, have you gotten your vaccine passport yet?', 'Creepy Joe warned him to just do SNIFFING!!!', 'Remove all the signs on the nys thruway and the tappan zee bridge asap now', 'Ok. I think this guy is a slime ball. But shouldn’t there be a trial first?  I mean shouldn’t the evidence be examined in a court first?', 'The guy needs a sauna and you make him serve athletic mobwife Tweeters.', "Why isn't little Fredo not allowed to interview and prop up his big brother anymore? Cnn's now finds it appropriate to enforce their ethics rules. What a pathetic news network.", 'Um, nothing to do with Cuomo or the allegations, etc... but are we gonna just kind of ignore the fact that this "powerful" state assembly member speaks English at the level of a 6th grader? She\'s got like 4 degrees in difficult subjects but she was born and raised in New York and holy shit putting together a simple, 8-word, coherent sentence is like unifying general relativity and quantum mechanics for her. Super weird', 'Love the commercial about rotting poop in my intestines. Wtf guys come on.', 'This lawmaker is FAR from biased!!', 'Why is Chris Cuomo not investigating his brother?? Lol 😂', 'Killin grannies and smakin fannies!!  😂🤣😂😜', 'Good 👍. finally these clown are showing their color and Dem have no choice but to swallow their own words and take him down.', "Let's hear from Fredo !!!! Clown 🤡 News Network 😂", 'its OK, he said he has always groped people, he learned how from his mom and dad, leave him alone', 'CNN can exercise their media power to keep Cuomo in office.', 'Accusations and no evidence against Trump = "Impeach him"\n\nAccusations and PLENTY of evidence against Cuomo = "I cant help it, I\'m Italian."', 'Cuomo Needs To Quit And Go Have Several Seats I Believe He Did It', 'This needs to go to court.', 'Does HOLLYWOOD want their EMMY back?', "Stand your ground, governor. If  Biden does not resign, I don't see why you should. At least you are not accused of groping little girls like the other guy", 'One down- one to go!', "There's plenty of help wanted signs up in Newyork 🤣🤣🤣", 'what about charges for all the people who died from COVID because he forced nursing homes to take them in??? The people DIED?? No charges for murder, but plenty for touching boobs?  What is wrong with our system?', "If he had assaulted a young woman in a corridor and then told her that she's nothing, he might have become President.", 'AS HE SHOULD! LMAO Byyeeeeeee', "Too bad for him, this story isn't disappearing like nyc grandparents", "Why now?If it wasn't for covid.Yall wouldn't come out.Smh\n.", "Apparently it's good politics to dig your heels in.", 'IF the allegations are true, what did Chris Cuomo know and when?', 'Man killed 20000 grandmas and what nailed him was being too Italian to the wrong people', '😩😩,,,  FINALLY,,,,Goes around,  comes around,,,🤣🤣🤣🤣,,', "hahahahahaha Fredo's brother!!!", "Isn't that something, now that the light is on his buddies scatter like the rats they are.", 'Cuomo will never give up power, ever. He simply needs to just lay low like he did in March and the media will give him another free pass. He will win re-election by a landslide, bank on it.', 'Oh wow. Criminal News Network is finally on this today. What gives Pravda?', 'Gotta love good ole Karma.', 'Where in the hell is the me-too movement I guess they only come out for Supreme judges', 'Some Dems wanted him to resign even before the investigation was completed. Now they have a reason and enough proof to impeach him.', "He has to go to Biden and the Democrats have to be ruthless you can't have someone doing this and thinks its ok because he is still lying about it and victim bullying", 'Why does Chris still have a job', 'What about Grandma? You killed her and 15,000 others! 😡😡', "Let's see you try to defend Cuomo now.", 'The rats feasting on their own.', 'What the h*ll is going on at CNN. Is this what it looks like when they try to be journalists?', ", resign thank God next should be on the list of Joe Biden. Talking about little girls and ice cream and teenagers and his hairy legs stumbling and mumbling stuttering. I know I'm not Trump support I give a hell about him too. Seems like everyone who doesn't like Biden thinks that they're a trump supporter well you're wrong.", 'I never liked Cuomo but, after listening to all the charges, it is clear that they have very little substance on an individual basis. Most of them are reduced to being brushed because they were standing on a crowded stage for photos, etc. then there are the kisses on the cheek and hugs in public view which show no attempt to hide anything more than a poor but popular decision made by many older people such as shoe Biden himself who somehow finds a way to separate himself from the very same behavior by simply pointing his finger at others. People need to realize that this is a climate of hostility from women misusing the law to make claims that do not hold merit over time. Regardless, most of the other allegations have only the word of an otherwise scorned woman who believes if she has been cheated in one way or another then it’s all good. They are using the discomfort the public has with sexual accusations to their advantage and thus skipping right over due process that would require real evidence and proof rather than a negative “feeling” a woman is going to harbor over things that did not go her way and trying to use the “Me Too” movement to skip the judge and jury application that should come with any accusation that is going to ruin someone’s life whether true. Now that women no longer feel like they have to prove allegations, they are now far more likely to lie in pursuit of revenge that is not relevant to such a case.', 'We also want the resignation of Chris.  CNN has been covering up for Andrew!  Unless you support sexual harassment in the workplace?', 'at least cuomo doesnt play with his weewee on zoom calls.', 'Where is Chris Cuomo?\nChris Cuomo to the rescue!\nBiden is also accused by many women.', 'Democrats love harassing people any way they can', 'Meanwhile Bill Clinton partied like a Kennedy for so long, was accused of impropriety, was still President for two terms 👩\u200d🔧🇺🇲🛠️🇷🇺', "She doesn't sound like a victim at all... omg...", 'I wonder if Andrew Cuomo also touched his Emmy status inappropriately?', 'Not one word from CNN about the female weightlifters podium press conference in tokyo silent on the fact that they had to compete against a biological male', 'Cuomo once the Democrat Darling  has now been exposed . Wonder if this could have been revealed BEFORE  the 2020 election   ??', 'Hahahaha Chris!', '😂😂😂😂', "'Control the beast', did he control the beast ?", 'He should just come out as "transgender". The left would forgive and forget.', 'Men have been and still do all this to women.  I worked with a doctor that winked and stared at me and other women like he was undressing us. Thank god he moved away with his kids and much younger wife.  I was always weird out passing by his office, I had to do to get my mail.  Lol', 'How do I never in my life get polled?😂😂😂', 'He confessed to touching all those that he was attracted to. The media and public do not have the details, but they must be pretty bad if his own Party wants him out. A sick man wth no respect for professional women. Impeach the DemocRAT! Throw the Book at him!!!', "*Queue in Queen's remix*\nAnother Dem bites the dust.", 'Dems eating one each other lol', "hey CNN, why don't you get little Cuomo to interview creepy Cuomo? Come on, show us just how unbiased your network is.", "I don't see that looser Chris Fredo jumping in on this one???", "Why should he resign . These are the leaders that New Yorkers admire and love ; because this is who they are or else they wouldn't be voting for these people . Remember the other governor Spitzer . Leave the guy alone .", 'I am not saying that he is guilty or innocent but over the years I have had women touching my arms , rubbing my shoulders for a few secs, etc while working in offices without me asking them to do so. Should I have gone to my HR department ?', 'Are the same dems that scream resign, resign going to impeach cuomo? \nHe should be impeached..', 'Cuomo NEEDS TO go. Period.', 'Way to go Democrats!!!', "I'm an Ally!", 'LMAO. Signed 5.1M book deal, killed 15K seniors, encouraged lawlessness in NY, hero to the left, got fam & friends hooked up first for covid shots, grabbed couch like it was going outta style. Gotta D infront of his name. Nothing will happen. But when with Demos get tired of being humiliated? Lol.', 'Just quit dude. You screwed up so own up! Learn from this and move on. Geez.', "CNN'S Chris Cuomo drafted his brothers pathetic denial speech", "He gooooone. Where is Fredo??? Where is Donny Lemon??? Where are CNN's ratings?", 'Where is Chris cuomo😂🤣😂🤣😂', 'I thought Republicans like people with multiple allegations, they vote for those people all the time.', 'And Cnn was in denial all the time. Patetic. That’s Cnn… f news', 'NYS voters are either going to vote to keep Cuomo or remove him. If these Democracts force him resign, they will get the Gillibrand treatment.', 'CNN STAFF & MANAGEMENT DIRECTLY INVOLVED IN RUNNING INTERFERENCE FOR ANDY CUOMO & SMEARING WOMEN OPENLY ACCUSING HIM OF INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR. SOME CNN PERSONNEL ACTUALLY WORKED FOR THE SHAMED GOVERNOR AT SOME TIME IN THEIR LIFE!!!', 'here it is tuesday at 12 30 nothing from cnn! still covering it up! one coumo down another to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'Amazing that his brother can still push other narratives on a world wide media source to ignore this scandal……and CNN is so arrogant, that they support it because it would be a huge moral hit and lose even more viewers. It just shows, this isn’t news, it’s propaganda', 'If he dont resign, then its hypocrisy', 'believe all women. remember?', "Not sure why he doesn't resign, he's all out of old people to kill.", 'I wonder when this garbage is going to go bankrupt.', 'Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', '"Cuomo for Prison 2022"', 'CNN you need to impeach Chris Como as well', "the message from California Due to new variant guideline all voters will recieve mail in ballots for recall election.\nYou really can't make this shit up🤣", 'Lmfaooooooo!!!', 'CREEP ON THE ROPES! 😆', "You all mad he's in power", '🤣🤣🤣', 'You can kill people in nursing homes and the democrats will sweep it under the rug.  But, get on the wrong side of "wokeness" and...... son, you\'re on your own.', "It's a nothing bogus cheese burger.", 'About time y’all say something', 'she said, "biasness" lol', 'CNN stop, that’s your boy you should be defending him like you always have.', 'Wow.  CNN now cover Andrew Coumo?  Where are your top show like Tapper, Brian Stelter, Don Lemon if those are your top.  \nNow, investigate Biden too.  Let Tara Reade voice be heard.', 'Better late than Cuomo. Keep up the good work Communist News Network. ✌🏼', "I just don't get it if the allegations is true then yes he should resign but my thing is you have President Trump in office for 4 years and look at all the allegations he had with different women and pornstars just a question if we're going to do this we have to do it all across the board no one's exempt", "It's not just powerful Democrats calling for his resignation, It's Joe Biden too.", '🔴 CNN should also fire Chris "Fredo" Cuomo for helping his brother cover it up', 'I voted democrat........he is a good man.  We need a man like him to lead the party and our state of New York.  Without Cuomo we will all be "oh no."', 'Give him another EMMY..  LOL', 'But cnn I thought that Andrew cuomo was the best governor in the history of governors?', 'Fredo needs to be fired too.', 'This is what dems do when in power, not the first time, remember? 😉😉😉😂😂😂😂', 'Here is your COVID hero 🤣🤣🤣', "Why can't he get an apportunity to defend his self", 'Poor Democrats, drinking from the toilet.', 'With this record he can now run for POTUS in the GOP….but will need to color his skin orange and say some damning things on tape first.', 'He’s a touchy-feely kind of guy, that’s all.\nLike George Jefferson’s neighbor.', 'ALWAYS BET ON BLACK, LETITIA JAMES!!', 'Dirtbag just resigned. Not punishment enough. Easy way out.', 'Democrat governors on both coasts getting recalled and impeached.  And no one gives a rip.  Ahhhh, the today peoples.', 'He can always get a job with Activision/Blizzard.', 'Hey hey, ho ho, Governor Cuomo has got to go!!', 'One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈', 'its good when the left turns on its own..', 'Democrats kick out Cuomo to put another democrat', 'These Cuomo bros. \n\nShame on CNN for enabling them both', 'Resign when Trump concedes!', 'Believe whamen! 🧎🏿\u200d♂️', "Cuomo is right NOT to resign. I have been following these claims from the beginning and it's a manifestation of certain NYS Democrats not liking how Cuomo shut the state down because of Covid-19. \n\nCuomo has saved NYS so many times. Amazing how strong leadership is threatening to some spineless Democrats. \n\nIf you're going to come for me, I'm a progressive liberal. Deal.", 'He will be able to withstand the pressure to leave office.', 'Hahahaha', 'DONT RESIGN ANDY !!!', '#LOCKHIMUP', 'I don\'t believe any of these women. In the "evidence" provided they don\'t look uncomfortable whatsoever they look extremely comfortable and even putting their hands on them. These allegations are all bullshit.', '😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣NAH NAH NAH NAH, NAH NAH NAH NAH, HEY HEY HEY GOODBYE !!!!!!!\nCORRUPT DEMOCRAPS OUT\nANDY "💋" CUOMO ✔️', 'Frodo what will you do now?', '"And when your a star, they let you do it. You can do anything..."', 'wait    cnn ? 6 months ago you said he was the 3 coming of jesus', 'What Governor Cuomo though I respected him at one time, and I would encourage his brother to take the time to have a heart to heart talk to him and for his Co workers of his brother to have him influence Governor Cuomo to just accept the fact that he will not be re elected if he ran again, to influence his brother if his brother gets impeached and conviçted, he will never be able to run for office again, to influence his brother that if he is conviçted on the states side of things, there is a possibility of him needing to register as a sex offender, to influence his brother to resign now just to possibly make things a bit easier for him if nothing more.\n\n As no matter what, he does not have the back up in politics to avoid a impeachment at this point. Governor Cuomo with doing this, only then should he show remorse to his victims as this will show that he is being sincere about his appoligies. I highly doubt he will take the suggestions from a former supporter so it would need to be from family. I will be emailing him , possibly call him offering a heart to heart talk with him as a man who highly praised him for a long time but so that he knows, most of the country would not support a sexual predator if conviçted period as I can not and if conviçted will never again. I hope he moves past this if his brother or family can influence him to do the right thing at the end of the day. My prayers are with his victims in the matter for his inappropriate actions and I hope they find peace. The country in both parties are supporting you ladies as they of course should be from president Biden to Congress and Senate to Citizens in both sides, God be with each of you and your families.', 'That is not correct, 70 percent what him to step down.', 'Chris Cuomo helped his brother cover up his crimes. He needs to be fired from CNN.', 'Did Fredo write the response for his brother?', 'Its ok hes a democrat\nHe will get away with it like bill', 'I bet a lot of girls were thrilled to receive attention from such a powerful man.', 'HEY CHRIS CUOMO??????? COME OUT OF HIDING LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL', 'This dude is unflappable.  Bravo sir', 'CNN really would like to ignore this and talk about other nonsense', 'Maybe Cuomo can share a cell with his red counterpart DJT & they can compare sex. assault notes - Matt Gaetz will be on their block , be like old times ! 🙄', "A bit slow with this breaking news, can't think why,  is the Cuomo love fest over for Communist News Network?", 'I’m not a Cuomo fan but his his lawyer has some very valid points. This is looking more and more like a witch hunt and a plot to get him out of office. Sucks to be a white guy in 2021. Guilty or not, he is screwed.', 'Wow I can’t believe CNN Reports the Truth hahahahahahahaha', 'Maybe he can go work at CNN. He could have a show with Tobin.', 'Fire his lying brother Chris too!!!!!!!!', 'Why is it ok for trump to do?', 'Ok. Cuomo, bill said the same thing.', 'Where’s Fredo to advise his brother and trash his brother’s victims??', 'Damn', 'I think he should resign, but why was Trump given a green light after all the claims of sexual assault and rape against him ?  Double standard surely.  Maybe Coumo should just say it’s “ fake news” and move on.', 'I think a culture change needs to happen.   The world is different today, men can’t behave the way they used to back in the days, it’s not appropriate. Things like these are necessary for progress to be made.', "Funny I haven't heard anything from Metoo or Famous Hollywood people", 'Maybe he should of just denied it… that’s what republicans do and they still get elected', 'Haha.  DAMAGE CONTROL!!!', 'The same CNN that was bordering on hero worship of the Governor in 2020 for his "handling" of the covid crisis....what a joke 🙄.', 'Cnn reporting this? Lol what a joke.. his brother works there', 'His Brother Should Resign Too', "How's that working out for ya cnn. Any chance of seeing little chrissy and the lemon do a piece on this.", "So why doesn't his brother talk about it because he thinks he's above the news", "I'm outraged there is gambling at Rick's.", "Sounds like no one has ever gone to Europe or an Italian wedding in America....lol.  so some high up democratic politicians decided to pick him as the fall guy to take the heat off them....no surprise....lol. so what is America trying to make the new norm when you say hello to someone now? Don't look at them.... don't shake their hand... don't touch them .. don't even say anything...? ..lol. No more touchy feely creepy Joe allowed now either?", 'Is anyone asking for Matt Gaetz to resign?', 'She needs to get that wig out of here', 'Andy is trying to get LAID!!', 'It shows Democrats watch themselves. If Republicans were held to the standard people like Matt Gaetz would be gone already', 'im waiting for chris responce. also when will cnn investgate', 'The biggest mistake New York made was not voting in TERM LIMITS for state level offices. States without TERM LIMITS need to put this issue on the ballot to prevent their elected officials from being entrenched and becoming corrupt over time.', 'Why IS everyone going after Andrew Como ???\n??? Why ARE they ALL chosing to do so now ???', 'No charges will be filed . He was probably going to retire .Spend some time writing his memoirs and get wealthier . They " Threw" him under the bus so as to appear fair. Today .. Nothing is as it seems .', 'RIP COUMO🙏', 'CNN is actually reporting on this? Why isn’t Fredo reporting on it? He did try to help Cuomo by discrediting his victims after all', "This rot goes up and down the democrat party.  It's dirty from top to bottom.", 'So is the DOJ going to defend him as well?', 'Reporting a truth ...\n... What is happening to C.N.N. ???', 'Maybe your brother can write a sweet little statement for you and everything will be ok.', "You don't sound intelligent at all! Lol", 'Stand your ground, Cuomo.  The longer you stay around, the more harm you do to the Democratic Party.  :-)', "where's peelosi??? the impeachment expert of democratic party???", 'Sounds like the Mike Duke and Noel Ortega of United Auto Credit', 'A political party holding one of their own accountable?', 'He needs to be in jail', 'I am beginning to think CNN is jinxed for anyone they put on a pedestal. Michael Avenatti. Andrew Cuomo. lol', 'Can Fredo cover this story with his clown friend, Lemon. Both are corrupted, biased and insult to journalism. Finally it got caught up! All democrat rats are jumping the ship.', 'Andrew Cuomo FOR JAIL!!!!', 'He’s ready for Chelsea Handler or any other Hollywood bimbo', 'Even CNN could not defend their poster boy this time', "Cuomo sexuals. That's a good one. I think I heard it on 590AM in SoCal yesterday.", 'Chris better be gone too. I mean Freddo', '" Get the rope !!"\nTypical Democrat yell as soon as someone is accused , remember Mr. Franken ?\nMr. Cuomo wants his day in court and he has every right to that , quit asking for your pound of flesh without a hearing or trial .', 'i believe him, i no longer hire women', 'His brother Chris Coumo is keeping a *REAL LOW PROFILE on CNN*\nHow about *CNN coverage on how its anchor Chris Cuomo helped his brother evade questions about his behavior*', "He screamed 'trust all women' and turned out to be a sex offender, as will those who scream 'racist' turn out to be racists themselves.", 'They have slammed the brakes on Cuomo and now they should step it up and do the same thing to Trump.', 'I simply do not believe in the "severity" of the allegations... it all smells too much "political"...', 'I always l  liked governor Cuomo, however, it’s almost hard to believe he did not realize his behavior was unacceptable.  Especially in today’s environment. This scandal may also affect his brother.', 'Andrew, the Lord detests murderers and deceivers.  Judgement and wrath are coming.  Repent now, you are running out of time.', 'So slick', 'showing Appropriate behaviour seems to be hard when you are a man being in a powerful position.....', "Where's Fredo?", 'Mr Meeks you are the one who calling the us ambassador Michele Sisson in the plot to kidnap and assassinate president jovenel Moise lat February 7th,  2021 but failed.', 'Bahahahah 🤣😅🤣😅🤣😅🤣', 'What does Chris Cuomo think?', "What's Fredo say about the situation?", 'Just another person trying to get in the limelight and smear another politician who is a decent man all these allegations against coma or bullshit and I back I’m 100% because he’s a good man', "He thinks he's misunderstood? Yikes!", "This is a right-wing smear job, just ask Fredo if you don't believe me.", 'What about the calls for he’s brothers resignation…?', 'say hi to fredo for me!', 'Cuomo now wishing he was a Republican as they would be endorsing him for his next campaign.', 'To play devils advocate, why did these women take so long to accuse him?  Didn’t this happen after the me too movement? What was the fear?', 'We care about the nursing home ! Y’all praised him and he let people die', 'Tara Reade has corroborated evidence as well', 'Cuomo is a CNN darling …. Common CNN conjure up some whoppers because that’s what we expect !!   Cuomo is misunderstood and a great leader just as you’ve said before!!🤣🤣\nI wish CNN would resign … however I would miss the comedy show that is held out as news.', 'So  you just take her word for it huh 🤔', 'Lolz', 'But people in nursing homes still support him 100%😂', 'Maybe we should ask Chris Cuomo ?', 'Bye, bye governor!', 'Where’s his bro??', 'Democrat logic:\nKilling thousands of old people is fine… but you’d BETTER NOT touch any women without consent or you’re out!', 'Arrest Cuomo', "It's hilarious watching these Democrats eat each other", 'Chris Cuomo fired.', 'he should stay, this makes him ideal as the next democrat presidential candidate', 'The like to dislike ratio is bs again', 'yet 45 still never reprimanded in any ay for all his abuses', 'He says he’s not going anywhere typical arrogant pompous democrat that whole criminal party needs to be dissolved they are not Americans anymore.', 'Update your news.', 'This was trending two days ago..; Classic liberal tactic.', 'Just go Andy!! Sick of lies from every politician!!', 'Talk about a sense of entitlement. Not only did the guy think he could kiss or fondle anyone, he thinks universal harassment is an excuse. As they point out, Spitzer apologized and resigned, and that was for using prostitutes, not preying on his office staff. At least the prostitutes were willing.', 'Why do YouTube get to censor the American people they are scared of the truth coming out', "Where's Chris?", '11 women….. wow!!!!! in the words of Biden..  Come on Man!!!!!!', 'Well they have a president that awkwardly and suspiciously touches little girls so no surprise they follow his example. Why are dems so sick in the head?', 'Now do Joe Biden...', 'It was be immediate arrest for any regular citizen. Why not for Cuomo? Is the law fairlu spared?', '?', 'Oh now 59 percent this guy has been a self serving thoug for the past 12 years. Andrew should have been voted out after he disbanded  the Moreland commission in 2014.  They should take marios name off the tapazee bridge also.', 'Andrew Cuomo needs to learn BoUNDRIES.  I still like Chris.  It should not be guilt by association.  I like Chris', 'Where is corn pop?', 'Cuomo do not resign do not do it. They tried to do the same thing to Virginia Governor with blackface but he did not give in.  The wanted him to quit too.  Leticia James  response seems like she is  judge and jury seems she made her mind up before she did any investigation  when she claims she believes the witnesses. Your Tri state governors throw you under the bus when they say you should step down.  No loyalty within  your party that gives you the benefit of the doubt.', 'Cnn is devastated', 'Thought he would have resigned by now 🤔\nHe will linger around like a stale fart 💨 in the room 😳\nMaybe he will get the hint soon and pep off 🧐', 'Creepy speech not 1 but 11 women wow,it over Governor!!', 'CNN is complicit in this', 'We love you, Gov.  T@@@@, TX GOP, and many others have had millions donated to them...We know this is nothing but a smear.  Stay strong, focused, and please do not resign!! <3', 'Wait. This is CNN. Why aren’t we defending him?? We embrace Jeffery Toobin why not Cuomo? I’m mean after all his brother works here', "I don't even know what to believe anymore....feels in the last 3 years like sooner or later every rich and powerful man is slammed with a sexual assault accusation.", 'The Butcher of New York', 'Another glass house resident :/', 'Dead man.......   SITTING..!!!!!!!  sights....LOCKED ON', 'Demos gangs are so funny', 'Dems and liberals NOW say Cuomo should resign, since he is caught like a "rat in a trap", and so are they. Always interesting how all the sudden they become "ethical" when there is no other way out. Would be laughable and amusing...if it wasn\'t so disgusting.', 'Bidens turn next.', 'hey , SJW s where the hell are you ? wooohoooo', 'It’s crazy how you can be brought down for asking questions not touching! America is really weird and different', 'why is brother chris not reporting on this lol', 'Will they include his brother Fredo in the investigations?  Oh wait, he and Don Lemon head are in an exclusive relationship, so I doubt there was an non consensual fornication going on there.  Just remove that dictator Cuomo already.', 'Does anyone ever wonder if it was an attractive male celebrity that did this, or had an office crush on her, would Charlotte still say its sexual misconduct? I understand its an odd situation but I couldn\'t help but wonder because from her interviews, it seems having an office crush is inappropriate. Would it be different if it was an attractive 28 year old male versus 60? Because a 60 year old is "creepy", right? Anyone else wonder this as well?', 'Defund Chris Cuomo', 'That’s not a proper conduct of how to meet and greet people or whatever, if anything it’s a testimony to his total perversion', 'Dude should just quit before it gets even worse', 'He is a good governor (Respectful)', 'LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO....FINALLY', 'Those pics are showing of who he is! So all women are twisting their own story! I do believe this! Cant you hear it!?', 'What ever happened to you hypocrite Democrats call to " Believe all womens" sexual accusations? and to force all politicians who are accused to resign?', 'Thanks for letting us all down, Cuomo! I had so much respect for him. And he was 100% reading his “apology” off of a cue card. What a jerk.', 'leftist msm biting leftist politician, noice!', "Don't Believe it!!!!!", 'They must be traumatized by getting hit on....Must suck to be single today..', "Wasn't he been promoted on CNN as the next president? And why is Chris Cuomo still on the air? This propaganda news channel is pathetic....", 'What about Trump sexual accusers', 'They just put this video up because Kaylee is giving them the business over on Fox.. and also this is a distraction from the Blasio mandating vaxx passports for restaurants and other places...', 'Q.  Who do you want to be around Cuomo❓.  \nA.  Your Daughter? \nB.  Your Grandparents?  \n\nChoose wisely.', 'You know this is a big deal when MSNBC is calling for the firing of Chris Cuomo.', "It's better to RESIGN than be IMPEACH! ! ! Chris Cuomo its up to you to RESTORE your Family Good Name! ! !", 'Didn’t Fredo help big brother to intimidate victims?  Why isn’t CNN talking about that part of the AG report,??', 'i hope that he takes fredo with him as he goes down if flames.  only took 36 hrs for you to report on this all the other media has been talking about nothing else.  so what do you do, you have a story about trump. lol way too funny, if he dies so does this network', 'What nursing homes?', 'If NY Democrats don’t impeach him they’re letting all New Yorkers know that if you’re a powerful Democrat you can do whatever you want to women', "Coumo don't  resign, why didnt ted cruz resign, josh howley resign, if they diidnt resign. They could not get him before. Now they have woman coming out the wood work,", 'Both fredos need to go.', "NPR 09FEB19 There are growing calls this weekend for Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax of Virginia to resign after a second woman came forward late yesterday to accuse him of sexual assault. Fairfax denies the allegations of both of his accusers. That puts Virginia's three top elected officials, all Democrats, steeped in scandal and suspicion.🤔", 'Is he resigning for what? It’s high time Americans face the reality and stop chasing shadows.\n\nMay be he mistakenly touched a woman, must he be crucified for that?\nYou haven’t been in a public transit and mistakenly touched someone in a wrong place? Were you killed for that?', 'We are sick and tired of these news,you are innocent unless proven otherwise.These are not girls…a woman knows when to say No and should say what she experienced when it happened.This is POLITICAL...It means #MeToo was a waste of time.The President is wrong for his comments,and all politicians involved …this is again a policial issue.And the media should stop bombarding us with the news,is not the moment.', "He's those wealthy Italian in New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey who own business lol its so low of what he did. Just resign  and face the criminal accusations", 'Sorry for his liers. Like sleepy Joe', 'Yo bruh, what do I do?', 'A Democrat being held accountable 🤯', 'How different is the republican party from the democratic one ?? \n\nWhen a democrat is wrong and abuses his oath the whole party goes after them. \n\nWhen a republican is wrong and betrays HIS oath the whole party gets behind him 100% to the point of betraying theirs too.', "Why should he step down when there is no actual physical evidence, word against word. There are so many others that didn't step down that should also then, trump and gaetz for example and one was the president.  Why is nobody talking about them still??", 'Why should he resign. His greatest ally is Bill Clinton.', 'He’s gross.', 'The worst 😫in NY,next to go is DeBlasio,', 'My question is, if one is wrongly accused by women are they able to climb their way out of that situation or the women are always right?', 'The worst 😫in NY,next to go is DeBlasio,', 'Fredo FREDO where are you?', 'Crime vrs crime. Crime always win...play the game and think with a plan.', "Cuomo doesn't want to resign or be impeached, but he was asking for Trump's resignation/impeachment... funny how the government is defending himself for the same thing that Trump. And his brother Chris helping him. CNN and ethics are funny also... the main reason people doesn't trust journalism....", 'Como basically got canceled for being Sicilian Italian... Italians are probably some of the most misunderstood people in this new generation of political wokeness.', 'Sooooo Americans and this so called news network pay attention to sexual harassment but totally ignored the deaths and the deal he made that led to the deaths of the elder people at the nursing home??????? Cool beans…..so much for morals and journalism', 'Itz okay I mean after all he only is responsible for the death of 15k senior citizen Americans', 'Truth be told.. there are many men who have been sexually harassed by women! but none come out due to how people will view them!', 'if joe remains after the audit im leaving the planet and moving to Area 51 in nevada i rather live with aliens then be ruled under socialism and sloppy joes', "I'm starting to think he knew too much about the Dems. Trump 2024 baby. I don't like Andrew,but I think it's a lie from the Dems", 'Weird title, nothing about the sexual abuse', 'They forgot to turn comments off.', "Where's the Barry White music?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQ55ywJwF1Q", 'Why is it always the democrats harrassing and sexually assualting women?', 'jail about time', 'LOL another hypocritical Democrat', 'ET TU CNN?', 'WOW this channel is a creepy joke', 'The first metoo fan !🤣😆😆', 'I hate the guy. But to be fair, he does deserve his day in court.', 'Cuomo makes Joe Biden look like a saint', 'Unacceptable', 'Chomp is not a therapist. Why would he “help” her. The only thing he should of asked, “Please help me to be sure I treat you with respect and if I or anyone else doesn’t, then let me know what you need and I’ll back you 100%” or something to be supportive. \nCUOMO SHOULD RESIGN THIS. MINUTE.', 'Bye Felicia!!!', 'Way to pick to this story.  CNN is a joke', "Why is this not a top story on CNN? I subscribe to CNN when I go down the list of top stories this is number 14 with one-story from an accuser above it. If this was Trump it would be 24/7 coverage. I'm not looking for that but I am looking for this very, VERY, very, important story; even though not a pleasant one; to be equally reported. MINUS all the hate speech,name calling, and whataboutTRUMPism.", 'Bigger gánster in the American history controlled New York all levels intocable bigger al Capone o chapo gusman', 'I believe survivors.  Creep', 'Believe all women.', 'Women looking for a *BIG* payday; feminism?', 'Where is Chris Coumo', 'Can the drama queen Cuomo', 'Took you guys long enough to speak about it. But i would like for Chris Cuomo to explain his apologize letter he helped his brother draft.', 'Remember when CNN was touting Avenatti and Cuomo for President  lol?', 'This is real face of women in West.', 'CNN, your liberal Utopia is crumbling before it even started', 'No invitation TSLA from White House??\n😩😩,,,, Like a say,,,   it proved  that  🤯🧠an old dementia patient really  crazy ,,, ㅋㅋㅋ\nNO TSLA means NO electric 🚗🚘🚔,,, \nWhich  means  an  old political dementia patient🧠 is  totally gone, gone, gone 🤯🤯🤯,,,😁🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'No invitation TSLA from White House??\n😩😩,,,, Like a say,,,   it proved  that  🤯🧠an old dementia patient really  crazy ,,, ㅋㅋㅋ\nNO TSLA means NO electric 🚗🚘🚔,,, \nWhich  means  an  old political dementia patient🧠 is  totally gone, gone, gone 🤯🤯🤯,,,😁🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Governor Cuomo, stay where you are.', "Crazy how Republicans NEVER call for their own to step down. Don't know what this reality means.", 'Ah hell. Keep him on.  He’s the King of New York.', "I'm beginning to think our paternal, corrupt society sucks for women.", 'CNN must be so torn going after a Democrat for once.', 'obviously thinking with his wrong head', 'Disgraced', '.', 'hey ho hey ho this culo gotta go', 'What did his brother Chris Cuomo thinking?', 'Person 1) Afraid, Believes the Mainstream Media Narrative, Emotion, and has weak or barely any faith, demands Person get vaccinated or got to Jail), Person1)” Are you going to get vaccinated?”\nPerson, 2) Logical 100% capable critical thinking, understands Person 1 point of view but respectfully disagrees!), Person 2)” I think I am going to wait a little bit longer.”\n1)” Why are you being so selfish.”\n2)” How am I being selfish?”\n1)” Because if you get cover 19, you could give it to me!”\n2)” But you are vaccinated!”\n1)” Yeah, but I can still get it.”\n2)” So if I get Vaxed, I could still get it.”\nI)” Yea, but you should still get it because then you won’t pass it to me.”\n2)” So I should get vaxed, but I can still get it and pass it on to you.”\n1)” Well, yea, but you still should get it.\n2)” But you can catch it off of me, whether I get Vaxed or not!”\n1)” Yeah, but you should still get it.”\n2)” But Why????”\n1)” Because it is the right thing to do.\n2)” Who says?”\n1)” The people who make it.”\n2)”????.” * 2019, everyone was against Big Pharma, 2021, Big Pharma is GOD!  Wrong Wrong Wrong!.', '*How are people more upset about groping then over the deaths of thousands of elderly people?*', 'Trump 2024', 'Lmao, this channel constantly reports on Trump. But fail to do any report on this for 24 hours. CNN is full of crap. They would have had 10 videos by now if this was a Republican.', "Trump had 26 woman accuse him, why didn't he have to resign?", "It's the age-old tussel between Italian old world tomatoey affection and AngloSaxon neovictorian prissiness. The librarian vs the organgrinder.", 'Of course China News Network ignores American Grandparents murdered by Democrat political policies', "I don't trust no one.. y'all cross the Man...resign women's is a down Fall....", 'Trump won', 'where are the SJW s in the comments now ?', 'President Trump is the greatest New Yorker who ever live ! Trump 2024 !', 'But no demands for Abbott or DeSantis who KILLING PPL  WTF.', 'And still CNN will not call him out for what he is. Remember when Trump was running??????? 24/7 locker room talk. Hypocrites', 'hello everybody', 'What about the nursing home deaths?  Like what happened in the Esptein and Cosby cases, it will be settled civilly with lots of money being exchanged with many lawyers involved. Cuomo and many Democrats are digging their own grave with their rhetoric.', 'Im-🍑 Moe Szyslack', "He should resign. But his ego won't let him. Disgusting.", 'Remember all those senior Republicans who called on Trump to resign when multiple credible allegations of sexual assault and abuse were levelled against him?  Me neither.', "New Yorkers stand up for your Govonor do not let the Media run your state your Govonor has stood up for you and your families thru Covid, Jobs and monies for you and your families stand up and tell them NO NOT HAPPENING...he has been there for everyone of you New Yorkers always and you the average person's know that fight to keep your Govonor if he has be disrespectful then sanction him with taking his PAY for up to 3 mths for abused employees", 'Typical.'], ['"To all survivors of sexual assault, we believe you and we will fight for you."  Gov. Andrew Cuomo 2018\n\n"They\'re all liars."  --Gov. Andrew Cuomo 2021', 'CNN says “a master class in gas lighting” lmao cnn is the king of gas lighting !!', 'CNN then: "Our hero!"\nCNN now: "Uh...we...um, never liked him..."\n🙄', 'Has Chris been terminated for drafting a defence letter for his brother the governor?', 'The fact that anyone’s surprised, is what’s really surprising.', 'I was “shook” when I found out you were a bleeding heart liberal.', 'Even going back to December 2020. That’s 8 months he sat back and watched his political career literally go down the toilet like a cocaine dealer trying to hide his stash.', '"I kissed Al Gore" isn\'t a defense, Cuomo.', 'The craziest thing Cuomo said in his defense was literally, "I\'ve been doing this for years." Yeah genius, that\'s the problem.', 'This has been known for so long. It is almost like the “journalists” who should be looking into these things are always ten steps behind.', 'Chris Cuomo is in the AG report as part of the “defense.” ????  RESIGN', 'Puts a new meaning to "The Love Gov" eh Chris? 😆', 'Your buddy Chris needs to be fired from CNN for his part!', 'We still remember the nursing homes', 'The "Me too" battle was lost the moment they let "which politically party" the perpetrator belongs to drives their actions. They have no one to blame.', "It's starting to happen! This is when they start to eat their own.", 'I think you should hold on your emotion until everything is over. We only heard one side so far.', 'Hate to see the props Fredo is going to bring to that interview.', "So they're finally admitting it", 'This is what you get without Term Limits and family dynasties where people get a sense of entitlement.', "Is CNN going to report on covid passports in NYC? I mean it's been called a conspiracy theory for over a year. Now it's actually happening. For everyone that is happy about it just wait. They will eventually come for you too", '"i did it to everyone, so no biggie....." AC', "As for Tara Reade, I don't remember it so it doesn't count.", 'It’s nice to know that signing an executive order putting Covid-19 patients into nursing homes leading to many deaths, does not hold a cup to a little hanky panky.  But this reaks is a political deal.', 'Cuomo said “ I’ve never …..”  just like Bill Clinton before 😀', 'So CNN finally made it to the party on how weird and narcissistic he is. When will they look in the mirror.', 'CNN has been covering-up for Andrew Cuomo for "MONTHS" now! CNN needs to be called out!', 'should have had fredo do this piece hahaah', "This is kind of covering up the appalling Granny Killer accusations which is a far worse offence IMO. \nIf he won't resign then he must be impeached.", 'A year ago CNN had Governor Tickle Me Cuomo slated for VP or as a prime time host. Great judgment of character 👍🏿', "Speaking of A Master Class In Gaslighting, I haven't heard Tara Reade's name at all. Gotta protect the Big Guy! Has Hunter sold any Masterpieces yet? What a great kid!", 'Maybe him and Newsom can hang out after they’re washed out!', 'S.E., he’s been gaslighting since he killed so many of our elderly. I would say that’s worse, right? Did that have you “shook?”', "CNN and staff has always supported Cuomo and are accountable for covering for up for him every mistake he's ever made.", 'CNN loves the Cuomo brothers and their “antics”', 'And biden assaulted Tara Reade. What is it with elites that they get away with this type of behavior?', "I can't wait until the proof that DeBlasio was involved comes out.", 'You conveniently forgot Tara Reid who accused Biden, so stop right there with your double standards.  You can not I repeat not say all women matter and not mention Tara Reid.', 'We want to hear this from a True Woman, Donna Lemonhead 🥴', 'Chris. Give us the insides. Don. Setup Andrew for an interview. Time to bring up your saving ratings. No trump to blame.', '“I believe them and I respect them.” - Kamala Harris (4/3/2019) on Joe Biden‘s sexual assault accusers', '"Keep your security close, and your young female aides closer."\n- Governor Tickle Me Cuomo', 'New headline: Coumo Single Handedly Kills Me Too Movement', "He didn't do a damn thing wrong! You are given that privilege when you declare you are a democrat! Come on, he's innocent!", "He learned from the head mafioso, his father, Mario\nAndrew really believes he's the Godfather", 'Once it is out, you finally come for him...LMAO...Biden Laptop Matters!', "Fredo's punk ass brother is going down, and it's beautiful! 🤣", 'Good to see the king Democrat getting the royal Democrat treatment.', "I was ''shooked'' when the minutes after the virus outbreak in New York, Cuomo had Schmidt and Microsoft ''re-imagining New York''. I am shooked that the technocrats ''fortifed'' Biden's ''win''. Who the f are they to steal from Americans their right to transparent and fair elections?", "I wonder what the underlying game truly is to oust one of their own..although it's good to see leftists eat their own, who will take his place?", 'Come on,  we know all those women are lying. Dems can do no wrong,  just look at Billy...I did not have sexual relations with that young lady...lol', "Imagine all the things other politicians, that Democrats support, haven't been caught for doing evil deeds.", 'What did Chris cuono know about his brother’s ALLEGED.  misconduct.and when.\nThat’s what  I want to know', 'I love how they somehow managed to bring Trump into this😂\nAnd failed to mention all of Bidens sexual assault allegations….', 'No doubt his bro will try to sweep everything under the carpet', 'Chris Cuomo slams Trump for 4 years for being a pervert and yet his own brother was doing the same thing the whole time 🤣', 'Cuomo: "Hey pretty lady, you know who I am so come up to my room"\nLady: "Umm, like, aren\'t you Fredo\'s brother?"', 'Corporate news is trying to look like independent news outlets. Lmao- yup cnn is on the down hill slope.', 'Soon it will be a felony to flirt with someone lol', 'You forgot to mention Joe Biden in the group of politicians that have gotten away with sexual harassment.', 'my my.  how the clown network goes silent when a liberal is in the news doing wrong and replaces trump talk', "CNN.... you're a little hypocritical here with Chris helping to cover for his brother....", "Cuomo should say he'll resign when Gaetz does", "I hate that Cuomo is pulling this BS. I can't imagine that his brother Chris would agree with what he's doing UNLESS he has successfully gaslighted his baby brother as well.  Because who else could you gaslight the easiest, but your own younger siblings who have always looked up to you. I wouldn't be Chris Cuomo for the world right now, at least with regard to this situation.", 'if S.C finds him guilty, then so do I.', "I like how he had the response ready to go as soon as the news dropped. He definitely didn't seem all that surprised by the findings.", 'De Blokio calling on Cuomo to resign is something, knowing all the shits I heard about De Blokio. A lot of gambling laws and taxes. But, "that was in the past". Cuomo took it to a flirt level (plenty of empty space to do so) and De Blokio was more than a selfish nut. This is a test. The easy obvious, versus (not so borderline) Republicanshortstorypig empty spaces.', 'When are you going to deal with Chris cuomo lol', 'I read "A master class in gaslighting" and clicked to see if CNN was talking about YouTube.  But maybe I\'ll get one upvote out of the people allowed to see this comment.', 'Where is Gilibrand in all this.  The lady who led the charge against Al Franken and got him tossed.  Suddenly she is very silent when this 💩happens in her own state.', 'Chris “hey I’m sick I can’t come to work”', 'CNN so quite today must be trying to figures out what to do with Fredo Primetime', 'Gaslighting from somebody who’s already full of hot air this is rich', 'CNN you now act all upset with Cuomo. You knew this all along but covered for him. Just like you also cover for Hunter Biden and other Democrats. CNN you have no credibility.', 'Lmao the left are eating their own! So funny!', 'Thank you SE Cupp, keep speaking the truth and exposing all these predators! Justice will come eventually.', 'You guys also need criminaly investigated for washing the story with his brother on every night', 'Is CIANN actually going to criticize Gov Cuomo after he has been accused of these allegations for years...', 'And as the mother of two daughters in the same age group as his victims, I say «\xa0 fight on!\xa0». Hard!', '*“We must trust ALL woman”* CUOMO', "SUPREMW COURT JUDGE KAVANAUGH IS WONDERING WHERE'S THE OUTCRY AGAINST CUOMO", 'Will Cuomo have to give back his Emmy 🏆 Governor just another creepy Democrat politician.', 'This has been known, now cupp is saying something!', "Smh. I don't know what to say about the Governor now", "of course---he's also a narcissist. can't see it when it comes to himself. he was helpful during the pandemic; but you don't get a pass for sexual harassment because you're smart and capable.", '"Master class in gaslighting" is she talking about the media?', 'Mrs. Cupp, you are quite amazing. Your vision and your expression of what you see are so clear. Thank you! 🌹', "That class is a prerequisite course for working at CNN.   They're all experts.", 'What, a Democrat accused of sexual harrassment? The holy Democrats who are so morally superior to everyone - surely not?', 'He had since March to comes up with his great rebuttal that’s four months Cuomo who sat in office knowing perfectly well this was going to happen', '"You forget, I\'m the Governor of New York, not New Jersey and this is how things are in the big city and now you want to change the rules after a lifetime of service? Call Chris and tell him to send his wife for emotional support after being betrayed by all 11 of those corrupt deep state operatives".', "Never mind resignation:  If Cuomo were a regular citizen, wouldn't he be jailed right away, especially after the detailed investigative report from the NY AG?", 'How ironic.. the news never stops shaping your emotions.. hunh charlie chester.. Fear fear fear. You all praised coumo like a god even when he was killing ppl with covid', 'Andrew has lost his credibility.It was collapsing before AG James and team did their investigation. Needs to resign. His presentation makes him a 🤡🤡🤡.', 'Thought experiment:\n\nIf Cuomo had targeted any other historically marginalised group, would he not have resigned already?', 'You failed to mention Tara Reade accusing Joe Biden of sexual-harassment. Was that an error? Hum, don’t think so!', 'CNN acting shocked covering a story that they were covering up just a few short months ago. Not surprised', "Yeah, cuz he's a narcissist - just like all the politicians", 'The change of glasses from recent videos is welcome. I had a similar pair a couple of years ago. My fiancée said that I looked like a white (I am of mixed hertiage) serial killer from the 1980s.', 'Geez! The Cuomo bro show is finally getting good!', 'What’s the proof? Is it just accusers and their friends, or is there real evidence he did what he’s being accused of?', "Why do they need to twist CNN's arm before they will air the TRUE NEWS?", 'Biden has had the same accusation said about him,what do you have to say about him or is that ok.', "Just here to comment on how I don't see how CNN is even around anymore. Even their real news is extremely boring and useless.", "So if other Dems are calling for his resignation I guess they're looking to install someone even more communist.", 'Not going well today for CNN in the comments section 😂😂😂\nNow let’s release the report of old joe and his accusers', 'This is what dems do when in office...\nClinton Biden on camera and now this ✌️ This must be hard for CNN to cover, the man they hyped up to be Jesus not long ago 😂😂😂', "What if he really was just being friendly. I'm saying then literally knowing nothing but sense everyone I see doesn't go in any detail it makes me want to say bs anyway", 'Why does it feel like that outrage was manufactured? Oh wait, I just remembered.', 'Let’s be honest. He in appropriately touched the lives of each and every new York resident.  And each and every visitor to nys in the past year and a half.', 'CNN is after cuomo now? CNN the org that pushed the "juicy smollett" story. Gotta give it to Dave Chappelle for commenting on "juciy\'" story--spot on', 'Accused is not the same as guilty. I don’t get how this #MeToo movement seems to miss it. SMH', 'S E fangirled for Cuomo back in 2020 for his response to Covid.  she had the same outraged reaction to how Nick Sandmann treated Nathan Phillips.', 'Remember when everyone on the left called everyone who pointed this out a lie and ran defense for him ? Now they all like but but what about trump but but lmao', 'The fact CNN is even covering it is more newsworthy. The first of the Dems to be thrown to the wolves.', 'Love seeing these ppl eat themselves!', 'Bo Jiden makes the same embraces (plus grope, sniff and ear whisper) what a mess. Cuomo though sounds like the worst governor of NY.', 'We love Jesus according to Quran  19  :  29  to 34.The first Secular constitution was written by Mohammad saw   Madina shonod or  Madina Constitution. Whatever  in the skies and on earth all are created by only one Almighty Almerciful Allah.Breaking  humanity and sharing with Allah are great sin  Allah will push them to hell.', 'This is my favorite time to even watch cnn these charlatans are dealers of sophistry and may the nursing home victims rest in peace and the emmy winning smugtard can play hide and seek with his sister Chrissy lol this is awesome', '"To say I was shook." S.E. Cupp can not even speak standard English. How do these uneducated people get such high-paying jobs?', 'SE you should step down from CNN for allowing Chris Cuomo to be part of this coverup', 'I know that CNN is in capable of doing a single segment without mentioning and obsessing over Donald Trump but how the hell is trumps accusation in anyway comparable to this? It was one woman accusing him of harassment decades before and she told everyone in the media that she doesn’t even remember what happened and doesn’t have any memories of it. There were no recordings no photos no videos no cooperation no text messages, none of the things that are present in the Governor Cuomo case, it was literally one person making an accusation that even they did not remember but you’re not guilty because one person accuses you of something. You’re innocent until proven guilty and I even feel that way about that scumbag Cuomo but it’s dangerous to say You must that you must always believe women and whatever they say is absolutely factual and men are guilty until proven innocent because that’s not how habeas corpus or do process works and you wouldn’t wanted to work that way because you may be on the receiving end of it one day when someone randomly accuses you of some shit you never did', "Haha well never thought I'd see the day CNN runs down a democrat politician.", "🤣🤭I'm old enough to remember when they dad was found to be taking $ from Mafia for campaign🤔...That obviously never mattered! I just think ya all BS ARTIST...PERIOD!  McDonald's wouldn't trust you w a Happy meal if you got possession charge,yet this dude under investigation while making legislation...🤣", "Doesn't really matter anymore these days. Men in power believe they can do anything they want to to women. And it's tragic.", '“Boys will be boys” and boys can be neutered.', '*Oh! Wow! Something on Cuomo! At last...!*', 'U forgot to mention creepy Joes accusers, and a lot of it is caught on video', "Thanks for speaking out. It's infuriating that womens legitimate safety in the workplace is still up for debate. Enough with the BS!", "Remember that he's innocent until proven innocent.", 'Very good opinion take on this serious topic tonight, Miss Cupp...hope to her you follow this topic and give nightly pieces on it like thia', 'The serpent that swallows its own tail....', "Like him or not...he should not resign.\n\nI'm sick and tired of the double standard.\n\nHe was democratically elected. If the voters don't approve of him, let them vote for someone else.", 'I have a family member who, along with a number of other females at her job, complained about the behavior of a male co-worker. HR moved him to another division within the same large cable company. Sad that the behavior of some is never truly punished.', 'Its only a matter of time before his Brother Chris gets caught up in something dirty too. CNN has already willfully chosen to cover up, Ignore, or dismiss out of hand, a couple of  his misdeeds already. And acts as if nobody is paying attention or wont remember.\nThe entire family from Mario on down has never been anything more than a group of reptilian looking dirty political hacks.\nChris isnt a Fredo (the fictional charactor the "The Godfather") though. Fredo was tougher and had more class than Chris', 'Hey CNN when is Michael Avenatti coming on to do a segment…I heard he is repping a new Cuomo victim. From jail. You remember Michael Avenatti right?🙃🙃🙃💩', 'SE Cupp seems to become sane in recent years, but sad to say I recon she permanently gave up her right to complain about anyone else "gaslighting".', 'Gotta love it. Every comment has at least one reply along the lines of "Yeah, but what about Trump?!". I would call them bots but that would imply their was any intelligent design behind their creation and not the result of a fluke and broken condom under the Queensboro Bridge.', "Chris Cuomo, with the tacit or explicit approval of CNN, has aided and abetted his brother the Governnor's disgraceful activities and crimes for too long.  The fact that he still moonlights as an 'objective' newsperson at night is an affront to all women and people with common sense and decency.", 'Now what happened to Sleepy Joes victim. Ignored, sidelined, forgotten, silenced.', "Wow. There's someone at CNN that actually speaks the truth?", 'SE Cupp is underrated and needs more airtime 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽😍😍', 'Now he can make meatbuals with grandma on Sundays', 'I believe them. Curious what his daughters are thinking right now..', "Agreed... Still, I wonder if Miss Cupp ever said that about Trump's never-ending gaslighting, though... His BS has gone on for 4 decades and continues, likely, even as I type.", 'Right on!!  Thank you!!', 'Love the title! Very fitting!', 'I have to admit I could really care less about any of this.\nI have no interest in this story whatsoever.', "As Cuomo said if he ever sexually assaulted anyone please call him at the governor's mansion lol", 'I hope it\'s clear that "ME Too" was never actually about women. It was Democrats using it as a political weapon to go after Republicans. Women got used, plain and simple.', 'Well said beautiful 🙏💜🇺🇸', "Ha y'all were praiseing him a few months ago keep that same energy", 'Fredo is also involved. \nCNN taking a YUGE L on another scandal. \nJust another day around the CNN offices.', 'The Al Franken case totally killed the credibility of the me too movement. Evidence is still required if what happened was really a crime per see. I do not support sexual harassment, however it should not be used as a weapon to shoot down politicians outside of a court of law.', 'CNN we would love to hear from Chis Cuomo on this topic', 'Let Coumo interview Coumo on CNN!!', "It's all widely known for years the left has covered up for him and many other sex offenders in democratic party", 'Andre Cuomo never had the makings of a varsity athlete.', 'Hey you left out  " Bombshell " and " Damning Evidence " when discussing Cuomo, totally different language than when you talked about trump.', 'CNN should just play his whole speech instead of letting someone tell its audience what he said was gaslighting or not.', "In light of those new revelations Cuomo lost most of his Democratic allies but, on the flip side, he gained Donald Trump's endorsement.", 'When did CNN gain a spine and decide to start covering Democratic corruption?', "He's definitely going to be impeached because of the simple fact he makes the party look bad.  It's one thing to ignore allegations but the findings of an investigation can't be ignored.  \n\nAnd comparing him to how Trump got away with thing is a bit much.  The entire Republican party carries water for Trump.  Nobody is going to bat for Cuomo.", 'Remember, we live in a world that let Bill Cosby go free, but still keeps Britney Spears in prison', "The thing with Trump is that it really wouldn't fly because he had immunity and the senate so filing a case or impeachment is a no go.   But the wierd thing is that after he left office, the women never resurfaced to push their allegations now that they can  since there's no immunity anymore...", "You know you messed up if you're a Democrat and CNN turns their back on you 😂", "Wow, they really backed you into a corner on this one, eh CNN? I guess you have no choice now but to turn on Cuomo, but we all know you're only doing it because you HAVE to. Anyone who doesn't believe can search the archives for the Bret Kavanaugh coverage. CNN tried to destroy that man with much less evidence. Also, what are you thinking having Jeffrey Tubin give analysis on this? Seriously, whose idea was that?", 'They ought to call this FILTERED due to the lack of bravery talking about your co-worker who wrote the statement for his brother. How are you a journalist?', 'If he gets away with this then the meeee2 movement is OVER!!', 'Maybe CNN will has Chris Cuomo interview brother Andy for another love fest.', "He's the creepy uncle you tell your daughter to stay away from at the holiday get together.", 'I want a mega Cuomo cotton wand in my ear 👂 pls !', 'For the sake of our democratic party, he has to go! We need this midterm election desperately to go our way! Purge all that will give the Republicans any ammo!!', 'Why you say alledged when the investigation says he did it!?', "SE Cupp gaslights YouTube and everyone that watches her videos. It's called the SE Cupp gaslight club also known as CNN.", 'Why haven’t CNN uploaded any videos of Fredo today?', 'Spot on, S.E Cupp.', 'I am surprised to see CNN do a story on this. They have been trying to keep this story suppressed. Now that this is out I wonder if this story is out to cover up the story about his roll in the high COVID death rates. What has changed CNN?', "I wonder what happened. CNN's been running cover for this guy for months. And why aren't the nursing home deaths more important?", 'Hmmm..SE not a word about his advisor and protector, brother Chris, the star of your network?\nSE, are you being silenced?', 'After watching all others. It seems crazy that no other investigations have been completed.\nTrump, Gaetz & too many others.', 'So there are “bad people on both sides”', 'I am shocked that CNN has the nerve to keep Cuomo employed and allowed him to abuse his role for partisan politics and also how that allowed Andrew to continue being an abuser. Well done CNN. Joke', 'Fredo needs to be investigated next……..', 'Surprised CNN would cover any Democrat bad behavior? What’s going on… do they need to keep up with news ?!?!', '*Rules for thee, not for me.*\n*We can do what we want, when we want, to whomever we want.* \n\n                        - Cuomo brothers', 'Pretend for just one second that he didn’t do it, how is he supposed to act and how should he have said it.', 'I believe him! 🤷 for a change', "wow one of cnn's heroes gets into trouble and they eat him alive.  they must be in a meeting room to figure out what to report for news.  or did they run out of things to say here.  maybe they finally did go out of business that would be so nice", 'CNN knows what gaslighting is, they do it every day.', 'so when is he going to jail for killing 10k plus seniors ???', '3:51 Such as Joe Biden? CNN, did you cover the very credible accusations from Tara Reade? Not to mention all the other disgusting behavior everyone has seen.', 'Thanks SE !!', "I was waiting on how long it would take to smear Republicans. \n\nMissed bringing in Bill Clinton lying about Monica. Bill Clinton: ' 'I did not have sexual relations with that women!'.", 'I am shocked to find gambling at this establishment! Shocked!', 'CNN has to throw Trump into every segment 🤡', 'Innocent until proven guilty', 'I wish I could believe the news you put out.\t💔\t|', 'Now your reporting !!! You would know how to get things lite .', 'Will it be awkward when she runs into Chrissy poo in the cafeteria?', 'Where is the breaking news clip that you guys did when similar news broke regarding Trump a couple of years ago. Oh right; THIS IS CNN', "She was *shook* 🤪\n\nThey're cancelling him, so it will be verboten to even talk about him and that's how they'll bury the mountain of bodies.", 'My honest question is this: is it problematic to withhold final judgment until a final conviction is obtained?\n\nWas always of the belief that folks are innocent until proven guilty. \n\nIf this becomes a criminal case, there will be tons of discovery his attorneys will have to go through. Prosecutors are notorious for leaving out information from the public that could potentially exculpate a defendant. \n\nJust my two cents on the matter. Not trying to stir the pot or cause any drama. Thanks.', 'Great job SE "Proudly South African"', "I don't always agree with SE Cupp but found myself in total agreement with what she had to say in this piece. Well done.", "This isn't the behavior of an honorable man. Cuomo is more Chadfather than Godfather.", 'The Media made him powerful, and then he became abusive....  way to go Media.', "Dam gov:\n\nYou gettin ripped apart by the same females who you've worked with for years!\n\nI'm not going NEAR any women!\nThey won't get scorned at me because they didn't get their way!!!\nNo sir!", "I'm sure that the 1.3K dislikes to this video occurred at the moment when SE mentioned Trump as fellow predator.", 'Even Senile Joe wants him to resign. By the way Senile Joe was accused of the samething and no one on the left or the MSM cared enough to investigate.', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://bit.ly/2X2dFhr\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'What would you do to frodo. Who was suggesting how to get away with?', 'some how they still bring trump into this', 'love your hair!! xo', 'Well you and your ilk gave him an Emmy. 😎🇺🇸', 'If he goes to jail, the nipple ring parlor down the street from his house will go out of business. Think before you Act', "How dare CNN accuse anyone of gaslighting. CNN is one of the great sources of gaslighting that we have. CNN's credibility is down in the mud.   I don't like Cuomo, but CNN has ruined themselves.", 'Cuomo received full protection from CNN', 'omg wow still nothing new here.  this it incredible', 'Cuomo will now have to call old friend Luca Brasi 😎', '👋Bye bye Chris… Bye bye CNN Grammy award winner and fiercely backed, Andrew… Bye Bye CNN…. 👋🖐', 'Only 1 video on Cuomo??? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 it’s difficult to report news isnt it CNN 😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Cuomo should return his Emmy award', 'This little vid lets me know that CNN KNOWS everyone on this thread are only here for the posts.  They have deservedly lost a ton of revenue in lost viewership.', 'Ratings are Tanking! Less than 1 million viewers in a whole week😆😆😆😆😆😆😆', 'How bout his brother fredo actually condemns his proven actions...like he does anytime he starts a rumor about anyone on the right and runs with it. You clowns show your bias disgusting agenda day after day as your party eats itself alive', 'wow!!!! this lady is definitely a master gaslighter!!!!! she uses a flamethrower!!!!!!!', "Hey CNN.   I hear there is a big story on NY Governor assault charges.  Biden ask him to resign.   How come you don't cover this.", 'A regular guy would’ve been fired along time ago typical politician especially Democrats', 'Your presence in this position on TV is frankly demeaning to women.', 'How funny it will be to watch Jeffrey Toobin explain to us on CNN how creepy Andrew Cuomo really is!', "This is an excellent opportunity for CNN to have Chris Cuomo do an executive interview with Andrew Cuomo. Chris, do remember to bring the iconic giant swab and stuff it into Andrew's mouth if he lies. Will definitely help boast CNN ratings...", 'Love seeing you guys back track and eat your words. You all loved him a year ago. Losers.', 'Hey Kamala, when are you going to Kavanaugh Cuomo and Biden???', "There's tons of video footage on Youtube of Joe Biden acting inappropriately with women so why isn't Joe Biden being held accountable?", 'you guys  covered it up', 'Didn\'t she have a video a week or two ago about how "wokeness" was going to be a problem for the democrats. To be sure Cuomo needs to go, prefferebly by impeachment as it will be a sound rejection by both parties and set a standard since resignation is an easy way out. But CNN commentators need to be better about having some sort of actual principal since most of the time it seems as though it changes every other week.', "Don 🍋 is having Chris fredo's Cuomo's baby", 'He used *slides on his response?* 😂 Cuomo, out. But SE Cupp request that Matt Gaetz also step down.', "She knew of Andrew's behavior.\nAnother Democrat pretending they do not understand the insidious ranks they've created.", 'Cuomo is a total disgrace!! Abusing your position and having no remorse is even worse!! Unreal.', 'Of course he digs in his heels that seems to be what everybody who is a politician is encouraged to do.', 'Cmon c-cup - you know down deep inside anything anyone does that is bad is somehow Donald Trumps fault. Don’t forget your only talking point!', 'I want to hear from FREDO of CNN 😂 \n*“I’m smart, not like dumb” CuomoFredo*', 'Hey hey, ho ho, Governor Cuomo has got to go!!', 'CNN: how do you spin the news about perv gov. como,since  your NETWORK and BROTHER defend him all the time', "It wouldn't surprise me if more serious allegations involving Andrew Cuomo are brought to light in the weeks ahead.", 'I like this look on SE CUPP.', 'They played less enough attention on the nursing home scandals with him and 3 other governors', "Don't you ever get tired of being wrong ?", 'Why is SE the only one at CNN talking about the Cuomo report? It’s all over other news outlets, but if you look at CNN… silence.', 'CNN a gaslighter extraordinaire.', 'CNN is a failed network. Proof is that Chris Cuomo will not resign for advising his brother to ignore these allegations, and to blame others.', 'Cuomo should resign AND be held accountable.', 'Just get rid of him and his brother.', "He also killed approximately 15,000 seniors putting COVID-19 patients in nursing homes all the while you guys applauded him. Why isn't his little brother given the story? This is typical behavior from the Demorats.", 'CNN is nearly silent on their Cuomo Mascot.', 'You were shaken, not shook.\n\nQuestion: is it even possible for decent people to rise to positions of power in the USA, and remain decent?', 'Bill Clinton’s accusers were never listened to!', 'High jumpers from Qatar & Italy decide to share gold medal 👌🙌😁', 'Keep an eye on the Senate race and big tech they will do whatever to keep full control\t👌\t|', 'Jail time for Cuomo.  Oh hell, let’s just put all of the Democrats who supported Cuomo in prison also.', 'What does Chris Cuomo have to say? 🤣', 'Why has my student loan not been payed off yes ! Wear is what I was promised', '"To say I was shaken"...is correct grammar. Not "shook." Tut Tut Tut.', "Does he have to grab a woman's chest on live air for you all to see the left does this all the time", 'Andrew "Killer Cuomo and Fredo needs to be fired.  I\'m surprised that SE Cupp is actually saying something...I hope CNN does not fire you for speaking up against Fredo.', 'What is Fredo saying about all of this?😂', "The reality is the woke left wont do anything about it, its a damn shame that their philosophy isn't Good For Me, Good For Thee. The findings aren't surprising, the surprising part is how bias this country is. Please Please Please pray for the opening scene of Designated Survivor to happen in real life.", '@ChrisCuomo needs to be fired. He covered for his brother many times.', 'This is why never hire women. They are longing to get offended in some way or other. Remember Aziz Ansari, Johnny Depp and many more', "The fact that anyone's surprised, is what's really surprising.", 'The left eating their own is SOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!! \nMmmmmmm Mmmmmmm good!! 🤠', 'Well, besides all that___ he was a great governor.', 'U CANT LUMP LUIS CK IN WITH THAT GROUP ....U CLEARLY DONT KNOW WHAT HAPPENED', 'for the last 2 years I thought this person annoyed me based on its daily trashing of President Trump. Now hearing her speak about a beloved democrat of the tainted NYC.....It is still annoying to listen to.', "The ego is what keeps us alive. We don't need it when we die. No need to think.\nOur emotions (love) is all we take with us?", 'He’s delusional.. hahahahaha', 'The allegations are a total fabrication.\nI only made sexual overtones to 10 women, not 11.\n\nEr, I mean I never made any overtones…', 'What do you expect?! The Vice President said she she believed sleepy Joes accusers and still works below him just fine.', 'The downfall of a fascist ruler who thought he knew what was best for everyone.  Cant wait for them to impeach him.', 'I think what happens a lot is, there will be a little flirty shit going on for a while and women deal with it thinking there is something coming that they want, and when that doesn’t happen, they turn.', 'Well you should have thought about it before letting Fredo interview Sonny for two months #Cuomosexuals', "This lady belongs on FOX with her rants... what part of 'innocent until proven guilty in a court of law' does she not understand?", 'He should blame racism and make sure to utilize the term "narrative" in his comments.', 'Does anyone think she actually read the whole report?', 'Lol does anyone really think Joe Biden is the most powerful person in his party???', 'Do you remember when you guys defended him? Had his brother cover for him, and you helped him cover up the nursing homes. You are just as guilty as he is. Im glad your network is dying.', 'The left is eating itself.', '—The Worlds Stage—', 'The cuomo brothers laughing about sexually harassing, (1 victim, maybe not guilty), (2 victims get a lawyer), (3 victim  LOCKED HIM UP IN GUANTANAMO BAY),', 'No fun to be rich and powerful anymore. Bring back the roman era when everyone was a pervert', 'Freto should have him back on for some more interviews, maybe ask him about the nursing homes?', 'Are you willing to actually influence to call him out??', 'To my fellow Democrats and liberals, give Cuomo the boot now!', 'I think S.E. Cupp would be a good fit to replace M McCain on The View. She is a conservative with a conscience, and so very articulate.', 'Cuomo should be prosecuted after resigning or getting fired.', "CNN news anchor Chris Cuomo advised his brother, NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo, after the governor's sexual harassment allegations appeared.\n\nChris Cuomo's involvement was confirmed by an investigation from Attorney General Tish James.\n\nThe AG's office also alleges that Chris Cuomo drafted a press release for his brother.", "Let's pray for all 60 of his victims and Hunter's victims also.", 'Yes its all men .i get it s.e cupp .way to deflect it .instead of  youre party specifically due to a sense of entitlement .it has to be all men period', 'PUTIN HAS A PRICE ON HIS HEAD. THE HAGUE HAS WARRANT OUT FOR HIM....\t😍\t|', 'You are reporting for the network that defines gaslighting, about gaslighting. I give you 0 stars for credibility.', 'Me too lost when it became exagerated', 'What about Tara Reed?', 'Hey Fredo. \nI betcha your so proud', 'The news knows gas lighting when it sees it.', '#Patrickkingsavestheworld!', 'I am tired of getting my hopes up and then nothing..\t😤\t|', 'SE the coolest Republican ever. I’m hooked', 'He needs to go but they need to do it correctly I think the Democrats are guns-shy because of what they did to Al Franken', 'Cuomo will never be half the man his brother was.', 'Chris Fredo Cuomo helped Andrew with the lie!!!! When are CNN going to let Fredo go!!! Let FREDO GO LET FREDO GO!!!!!!\nAs for Trump if the allegations were real & provable do you  think CNN would have let them go? HELL NO!!!', 'This is really the only CNN vid on youtube about Cuomo on this? Just lol at CNN being the LAST one to report this... wonder why?', 'SE cupp isnt suprised to cuomos behavior.  Shes suprised shes being forced to answer for it', 'Agreed. Actually I only heard his quick news blips and almost laugh/cried. It’s creepy and textbook bs.', "I was abused as a child, so now, as a fully grown adult, I am hyper vigilant, and, as a general rule, I don't like to be touched. Even casual touches distress me, as do large crowds. I saw the pictures that he posted of how he touches people, and those made me highly uncomfortable. If I'm a dude and those made me uncomfortable, then they HAD to have been downright distressing for women. \nLong story short: just don't f**king touch people that aren't an intimate partner, ya dolt.", "Oh #CNN was waiting for Chris Cuomo's show to end before posting about it, I get it now lol", 'How bout a little Jeffrey Toobin Style on camera action Lady ?\n\nTo Soon ?', 'SE Cupp. Is that supposed to be a name?', 'Gaslighting just means youre a hypocrit lmao', 'IMPEACH HIM!!!', 'I hate Demorats but cut Coumo a break you can’t blame a guy for trying 🤷\u200d♂️', 'CNN telling truth ? 😂 Too late, Operation Mockingbird is about to be Exposed 👍', 'Ms. Reade and many other women came forward. They had the courage to do that, against a man like Biden protect by the power of the media, much more than Cuomo is. But Biden is still there...', 'comparing him to trump, classic cnn its using gaslighting while discussing gaslighting. stay on topic! bill cosby? wth 🤦\u200d♀️', "You CNN women need to put down the cheeseburgers a little. It's ok to eat, but not at the volume ya'll are.", "Don't try to light your gas. It could be dangerous.", 'CNN now pretending they were on this from the beginning and are shocked when in fact they are complicit in him crimes.', 'CNN is a master class in gaslighting😂😂😂', 'The same thing will happen to Cuomo that happened to Joe Biden when eight women went public with their allegations - nothing.', 'Upcoming Karen!', 'If only we could do to Cuomo what the citizens of Italy did to Benito Mussolini, it would be a wonderful thing!', 'Remember when the left praised this guy??   Did you forget that he was complicit in the death of 15,000 elderly people.', 'CNN casually reporting on this like they aren’t also involved in the scandal by way of “journalist” Chris Cuomo actively advising his brother and trying to manipulate public opinion for him', 'Just like you guys ignored Biden’s accuser.  What happened to  that?', 'The first thing that pops up when you google is Andrew Google says is he married LMAO. There are so many willing women out there I can understand why are these men do this. He’s old school when women get treated like crap or as Trump says when America was great', 'Guess we know who the real fredo is', "One year ago, Tara Reade was laughed off by the mainstream media for denouncing Joe Biden's harassment. Where was Alyssa Milano?", 'Guess we know who the real fredo is', 'I don’t believe he did this🙄', 'CNN knows all about gaslighting.', "As with most liberals, do as I say, not as I do.\nDon't worry cnn, you have his brother and Don Lemon on staff. They will come to his defense and do all the sweeping.\nThat's what you're good at.", "As if CNN didn't directly contribute with Chris' buddy buddy segments with his brother", 'what does his brother (Fredo) do to you?', "Oh cnn. It's gonna be ugly but you're gonna have to put his brother on here eventually. The world isn't gonna give ya much more than a day.", 'And this is the lefts God huh?', 'He needs to resign', 'Cuomo needs to goooooo !!!', "I'm soooooo surprised cnn actually put this up against cuomo..... color me impressed. Also of course cnn had to make part of this about Trump. Gtfo. I take back the impressed part. Same as always", 'Where is Fredo? 😂😂😂😂😂', '“Propaganda”, At its Finest! I don’t even look at the Gossip Rags Anymore, I just tune in to CNN, MSNBC, CBS, PNR, FOX, But I have noticed (Recently watching in interview on CNN), How a person that was interviewed was saying “Children’s Infections (Corona Virus) are more serious and on the rise”, Now, if Trump was in charge, this would be unacceptable. Instead, the announcer seemed happy and excepting with this horrible information. (It’s OK for Democrats, but when it’s under Republican control it’s Not “Happy Time”?). Hypocrisy,  At its Finest! \n(No wonder your ratings have dropped so dramatically).  No one trust you CNN.', 'As a great man once said: "It is what it is."', "Now I'd like to see Matt Gaetz being charged for human trafficking and be removed from office!", 'Guess he learned it from the former guy', 'At least two of those incidents sound more like sexual assault rather than simply harassment🤔', 'You forgot to mention Biden. I wonder why...', 'SE Cupp talking about gaslighting, oh the irony!', 'I am looking in the comments for people that trust CNN??? Did I miss that comment?', "Geez! Why do all CNN hero's end up being zero's??  ?", 'I am having a hard time figuring out witch Cuomo is Fredo now.', 'There is a LOT of $ to be made if anybody can ever figure out how to hold politicians accountable.', 'What about the sick that he put in the retirement and care facilities instead of the hospital ship?', "Wow\nCNN actually covered Cuomo's case by a 3rd string anchor \n😅", 'Hey CNN, does Charlie Chester or the other Cuomo still work for CNN!!!!', 'Hey what does Chris have to say about his brother?', 'Yeah right "affection".... I always show "affection" by back-handing unwanted groping and, wouldn\'t you know it, I am ALWAYS being misunderstood. ... must be a "generational " thing !', "CNN knows how to gaslight very well, I'm glad they are letting us in behind the curtain", 'He looked at me, dirty man,...', 'Dear CNN,\nPLEASE provide SE with a decent microphone. Her segments deserve to sound as good as they are written and delivered.\nThanks!\nYour Viewers and Listeners', "You know it's bad when CNN is forced to attack a Democrat.", "TAKE YOUR PICK:\n1. Demand Cuomos resignation \n2. Say Bye-Bye to the #METOO Movement \nWhat's it gonna be CNN?", 'He needs to resign. I said it months ago.', 'How many pounds of makeup does this woman need?', 'Is coumo going to cover coumo?', 'Not one word from CNN about the female weightlifters podium press conference in tokyo silent on the fact that they had to compete against a biological male', 'CNN, you hold back any bad news that make your Dems look bad.\nIt is defining to say the least', 'RESIGN!', 'Greetings from Poland to USA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', "Ka-mala''s big Brown beaver...lol", 'Now CNN is interested??? What liars CNN puts on the air!!!!', 'I must have missed the part where she bravely called out her own network and coworker for actively working with Cuomo, including literally writing statements of defense, to suppress these accusations.', "If anyone can give a Master Class about gaslighting, it's CNN.", 'It because the me to movement only speak when its a republican and stay silent when its a democrat being accused', "Bill could never be funny again. His brand was America's Dad. 🤢", 'Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy', 'So when do we talk about biden and his awkward touching/sniffing', 'Cuomo family officially circling the drain.', 'CNN must be an awkward work place nowadays', 'CNN STAFF & MANAGEMENT DIRECTLY INVOLVED IN RUNNING INTERFERENCE FOR ANDY CUOMO & SMEARING WOMEN OPENLY ACCUSING HIM OF INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR. SOME CNN PERSONNEL ACTUALLY WORKED FOR THE SHAMED GOVERNOR AT SOME TIME IN THEIR LIFE!!!', 'and to think you get to proudly work with his lying brother fredo.', 'Cupp can you keep it down Fredo is down the hall trying to think up a way out of this for his Brother.', 'When left collapses', '😂😂😂 something about low ratings CNN', 'You were shocked? Really? Try getting out of your echo chamber.', "S.e. cupp is having Al sharpton's baby", 'I thought this is what MSM wanted complete corruption in the political system.', '(A carefully crafted narrative).', 'Now that the accusers have the ammunition for a civil suit. Who pays the settlements? The Cuomo family or the NY Tax payer??', 'Gaslighting... Yeah. CNN would definitely know what that looks like.', "'A master class xd", 'It has already begun,  very few American networks are covering this major story just one day after he has been exposed. The Dems will sweep all of this under the carpet in record time , there is no protection for women in America anymore from these powerful men. We are in a different era.', 'This happens in all work environments; ask the women at Blizzard.', 'The problem is the men like my husband who would never do this and who are laughed at and called wimps by women never get the good jobs and the men who do this are the so called macho men women fall all over. The honest good men are the ones most women want nothing to do with. Why do you think there is the saying, “Nice guys finish last”', 'So, what is CNN employee Chris Cuomo saying about his brother now?', 'Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'Memba you were a pro 2nd amend girl', 'if CNN have turned on him this looks bad for the bad man........ \n\n i wont be surprised if he makes a comeback and runs against biden for 2024, since woke culture came into usa nothing happens there is a surprise', 'I remember the democrats all giddy and excited about Cumo at the beginning of the pandemic as he was sending grandmas to their grave early. They were like, "Are you running for president?" Because everyone knew Joe Biden was a joke, but it was to late. They got stuck with him and now look.', 'when is biden turn,,,, he  kisses kids all the time', 'I love SE Cupp', 'hahaha there is literally NO COVERAGE ON HUGE CUOMO STORY by CNN except this sappy opinion piece! wormy to say the least!', 'Why does his brother still have a job at cnn if this is so horrid? Lol', 'This is what happens when you elect leftists. It is natural for collectivists to think that its okay to sexually abuse their lessers because their gratification is required for the group to progress. You need a happy leader at the helm and the leader isnt happy without his poon.\n\nElect people who appreciate the individual and the individual would be respected.', 'Another Democrat gets “accused” of inappropriate behavior around women. \nIt’s not a surprise. It’s an every day occurrence.', 'Give Newsmax a try for more balanced news', 'Gaslighting… It’s amazing you’re still a reporter. Russian bots are busy using Richard MacLean identity… \n🤣🤣🤣🤣\nCheers where everybody knows my name.', "Why is CNN on throwing Fredo's brother under the bus ??????", 'CNN fully supports Cuomo', 'Where the hell was HR in all of this?  Normally, when an employee misbehaves in some manner, whether trivial or major, they get "called into the principal\'s office" for a dressing down, and the offence is never committed again.  And certainly, if it\'s egregious enough, they get fired.  That all requires an HR unit/officer who is assured of their authority to act on principle in the organization\'s loftier interests.  I\'m not blaming the victim here, but at some point, you would have thought staff would have felt comfortable enough asking HR to get the governor to back off so they can do their job, and HR would have felt comfortable enough to follow up on that request.  This *SHOULD* have been a purely HR matter, and instead has blown up into some sort of national scandal.', 'What did he do with the \nhospital ship 🚢 ?', 'Harassment of women in the workforce has been  long going. I have been harassed often in my work life.', 'Good one.', "CNN is so hypocritical it's nauseating...", 'hilarious....now she has a problem with gas lighting 😝', 'Cuomo blames his Italian heritage for his touchy feely ways with women. Wow.', 'She forgot about the claims against Biden, let me guess it just slipped her mind.', 'I WANT ACCOUNTABILITY FOR MATT GAETZS CHARGES TOO! Why has he not been charged YET?', 'Hey SE Cupp you will never be tomi lahren in way shape or form!!', 'Inexcusable', "Where's Fredo  Big Brothers biting the dust and hopefully little Fredo will too!", "Did not mention Joe Biden's accusations.", 'When will they let Bidens victims speak out? When they turn 18?', "If anyone's an expert on gaslighting it's CNN. The Chinese News Network.", "Whether Cuomo has flirted with co-workers or not that's not the redline for these demagogues. The reality is in the midst of Pandemic he accused both Trump & Pelosi of literally doing nothing. He is paying the price for that.", 'Andrew Cuomo Gov NY (D) \nAs he enters the elevator, he noticed the nubile lady cop with her pony tail and Oakleys - Her uniform crisp - Her brass shiny -  Her pistol hanging large on her small frame.\n"Show me your Trooper Bits !  the lanky Governor  said - as he ran his fingers down her back  !', 'Didn’t Cuomo from CNN help him deal with sexual harassment though even wrote his statement for him? So why would anyone care what CNN is saying about it 😂', 'Ms Cupp, approx 10 months ago you were hanging on to each A Cuomo word and praising his compassion.', 'Took a while to get a video out about this', 'But I thought CNN thought that the sun shone out of his arse. Are they going to mention all their positive coverage of Cuomo?', 'Coumo Killin Grannies and Grabbin Fannies!', "Now don't get me wrong everyone I can't say if you did or didn't do it but they're too many women popping up saying the same thing but one thing I do know he looks like all three Sopranos in one😂😂😂", "Not long ago,, CNN was asking when he was going to run for a higher office. They were tripping over themselves to compliment this guy.\nThat doesn't say much since they also supported Michael Avenatti a couple years back.", 'How come being an assault victim isn’t taken as seriously bc the accuser isn’t convenient?', 'this piece sounds like gas lighting', 'The Governor sez he won’t step down, wanna bet that changes??? Yeah me too. He needs to leave like yesterday.', 'CNN had to bring out the top propagandists to deflect the real story', 'What does Chris Cuomo think about this?', 'lol”shook”', "I don't know who is more unbelievable, the Governor or this fool who now, just now has discovered this?  And these fools expect us to believe them?", 'What about the nonconsensual elderly deaths ?', 'That Governor  days are finally limited! What a complete creep.\nHe could not keep his hands to himself, nor keep his suggestions to himself.  Misconstruing  is total b.s. !', 'The fact that CNN is obviously surprised, it’s disturbing. It seems that modern journalists don’t understand the principle of considering the EVIDENCE before you develop an opinion.', 'They gave this no name reporter w a production budget of a highschooler the only YouTube clip on this massive story nice job CNN', 'Left getting a taste of their own cancel culture. Yummy', 'Love SE CUPP 🙂', 'She seriously left Joe Biden out of the men who were accused , why ?', 'Love watching se cupp but audio is too low', 'Hahaha busted finally', 'Al Frankin again,  and again..and again…', 'Awwww i bet Chrissy is going to defend his big bubba', "Meatballs done. Sorry Fredo, you can't help him now.😁", "Whats crazy is that he has 3 daughters, guilty or not he's always going to have this sexual harassment jacket.", 'CNN are the Masters of Gaslighting', 'CNN WORK FROM HOME😳 IS HER MOTHER GOING TO WALK IN🙄', 'CNN has known about Cuomo for a while, but waited until after the election to cover the story.', 'Hard to take the media and CNN seriously here. This couldn’t have been a secret to any of them. The women spoke up finally and backed Cuomo, his administration, and yes, the journalists into a corner. Their false outrage rings hollow. Glad Cuomo was finally outed. Very disappointed in Cuomo.', "Let's see what a jury thinks about these allegations.", 'Do yourself a favor and walk away from CNN.', 'CNN needs to fire Chris Cuomo he is an accomplice in this until they do I will boycott his show', 'i love how you call this unfiltered, Dan Bongino got the real unfiltered show', 'Accountability strong words for CNN', "I didn't know cockroaches can lie??? Who knew.🤔🤔🤔", 'Touching, sniffing, kissing?... when will Biden resign?', "As a republican I can't believe I agree with anyone on CNN ,bipartisanship haha", 'The left are the masters of gaslighting thats for sure', 'Its nice to see CNN supporting their Boy Cuomo. Such great Journalism.', 'sadly, the oldest ism out there is sexism and the one that will take the longest to be rid of =(', "Since the accusers of gov. Cuomo are not by unknown sources CNN can't talk about it, I Guess.", 'This is still the Epstein saga.', "Has anyone considered the possibility that he might be telling the truth? Some people are just touchy-feely and not in an inappropriate way.  Sometimes I think this world has become oversensitive and can make a mountain out of any mobile. Of course he made very well be guilty, but there is the possibility that he could be innocent. I just don't think we should be so quick to judge.", 'I wonder will Fredo have him on his show again😂', '"The last race of WARRIOR\'S called the Taarakians. The ELDERS CALLED UPON HER, but she arrived too late to protect the doomed villagers. After this, Taarna vows to avenge their deaths and destroy the source of their GREAT evil!"\n\n"And the Spirit of Taarna the Taarakian is transferred across the universe to a NEW DEFENDER. And the power of evil is contained for another generation. And a new Taarakian is born to protect the next!"\n\n- HEAVY METAL (Taarakian: The Bride of Christ)\n\nRevelation 19\n"And after these things I heard a GREAT VOICE OF MUCH PEOPLE IN HEAVEN (Those Raptured), saying, ALLELUIA; SALVATION, AND GLORY, AND HONOUR, AND POWER, UNTO THE LORD OUR GOD!"\n\n"For TRUE AND RIGHTEOUS\xa0ARE\xa0HIS JUDGMENTS: for he hath JUDGED THE GREAT WHORE (America), which did corrupt the Earth with her fornication, and hath AVENGED the blood of his servants at her hand."\n\n"And again they said, ALLELUIA! And her smoke rose up for ever and ever!"\xa0(America attacked by Russia & China)\n\n"And the four and twenty ELDERS and the four beasts fell down and WORSHIPPED GOD THAT SAT ON THE THRONE, SAYING, AMEN; ALLELUIA!"\n\n"And a voice came out of the THRONE, saying, PRAISE OUR GOD, ALL YE HIS SERVANTS, AND YE THAT FEAR HIM, BOTH SMALL AND GREAT!"\n\n"And I heard as it were the voice of a GREAT MULTITUDE, and as the VOICE OF MANY WATERS (People raptured from around the world), and as the voice of MIGHTY THUNDERINGS, saying, ALLELUIA: FOR THE LORD GOD OMNIPOTENT REIGNETH!"\n\n"Let us be GLAD AND REJOICE, AND GIVE HONOUR TO HIM: for the Marriage of the Lamb is come... And his wife (The Bride of Christ: Me) hath made herself, READY!"\n\n"And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in FINE LINEN, CLEAN AND WHITE: for the fine linen is the RIGHTEOUSNESS OF SAINTS!"\n\n"And he saith unto me, Write, BLESSED\xa0ARE\xa0THEY WHICH ARE CALLED (Me) UNTO THE MARRIAGE SUPPER OF THE LAMB! And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God."\n\n"And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See\xa0thou do it\xa0not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the TESTIMONY OF JESUS: worship God: for the TESTIMONY OF JESUS IS THE SPIRIT OF PROPHECY!"\n\n"And I saw Heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him\xa0was\xa0called FAITHFUL and TRUE, and in RIGHTEOUSNESS he doth JUDGE AND MAKE WAR!"\n\n"His eyes\xa0were\xa0as a FLAME OF FIRE, and on his head\xa0were\xa0MANY CROWNS (Me); and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself!"\n\n"And he\xa0was\xa0clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called... THE WORD OF GOD!"\n\n"And the Armies (Me raptured)\xa0which were\xa0in Heaven followed him upon white horses, CLOTHED\xa0 IN FINE LINEN, WHITE AND CLEAN!"\n\n"And out of his mouth goeth a SHARP SWORD, that with it he should smite the nations: and he SHALL RULE THEM with a ROD OF IRON: and he treadeth the winepress of the FIERCENESS AND WRATH of Almighty God!"\n\n"And he hath on\xa0his\xa0vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS (Me 😎), AND LORD OF LORDS!"\n\n"And I saw an Angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a LOUD voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of Heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the SUPPER OF THE GREAT GOD!"\n\n"That ye may eat the flesh of kings (Satan, fallen angels, Illuminati/Freemasons & whoever denies Jesus), and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all\xa0men, both\xa0free and bond, both small and great!"\n\n"And I saw the beast, and the kings of the Earth, and their armies, gathered together to MAKE WAR AGAINST HIM that sat on the horse, and against HIS Army!"\n\n"And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the Mark of the Beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were CAST ALIVE INTO THE LAKE OF FIRE (Hell) burning with brimstone!!!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/jkw4Xw9t0Gs', 'So does this mean the, "that\'s what she said". Jokes are out now?', "He's a democrats HERO! Just like Avenati is!", 'Yr gaslighting by saying that comics are found guilty ,they are entertainers not government officials that hold a oath', "I'm so disappointed in Cuomo", 'I noticed you failed to mention that ole Joe rode his accuser out till it went away. And I know you work for CNN and are probably not that bright. But once people have been convicted,  you don\'t say "alleged ".', 'State attorney General says a sitting governor of a large state committed sexual harassment and cnn has 1 video. If this was trump it would be wall to wall on cnn. What a joke', 'Remember when CNN was touting Avenatti and Cuomo for President  lol?', 'I liked him before untill I sow that video and heard those words.', 'Can Chris Fredo Cuomo continue to helm his 9pm show while being connected to one of the biggest stories in politics?\xa0HELL NO!', 'We should have elected Tulsi, missed a chance to move towards a healthy political climate.', 'Well who better to give the masterclass then the master gaslighting manipulators themselves because there is no one better at it than they are.', 'He’s a democrat. Trust me nothing will happen to him.', 'CNN has zero credibility... the hypocrisy is nauseating', 'You failed to mention Biden and his accuser. I’m certain it was only oversight.', "I'm interested in what will happen with the hair sniffing pervert that got away with a simple apology and promised to keep his distance, etc.", "I don't want Cuomo to resign. I want him to be impeached.", 'And JOKE BIDEN is in WHITE HOUSE', 'CNN lack of coverage on the Andrew Cuomo situation is the definition of nepotism. The word gaslighting shouldn’t be coming from anyone working here, considering Chris himself hasn’t came forward to address the issue in what ever matter that may be!'], ["<.< Bitcoin has seen some incredible strength throughout the past couple of days, with the confluence of a strong market structure and an undercurrent of positive developments both helping to drive it higher. Stick with ETH and BTC as much as you can guys, just remember where it's going and don't be put off by short term fluctuations and don't facilitate this dream into becoming a nightmare. This strength has led it to $41k – which is proving to be a crucial resistance level for the cryptocurrency. Bulls have been attempting to surmount this level for weeks now, but each break above this level has been met with significant selling pressure that slows its ascent, with the price of crypto assets picking up the pace accumulating and stacking up more coins in your portfolio should be your first priority as an investor, DCA is good but quite expensive which is why I prefer trading my assets and accumulating my profits. I'm not an expert trader what I do is I copy the trade signals of Max Santigo and implement them in my own trades, Max is an expert trader and his trade signals has a high accuracy ratio because I have increased my portfolio from 2 btc to 7 btc in just three months. Investors should carry out their due diligence and find suitable trade guides to aid them in their trade but meanwhile, Max can be reached on Telegram/Mail [ @maxsantigo47 / maxsantigo47 @ gmail com ] for more information or for financial advice regarding crypto investment>", "My marriage of 19yrs is about to crash. I am so much depressed right now and wish I never used the money I and my husband have been saving to buy our first family home. I used the money to trade in the market and everything is gone. Now he wants to divorce me. I love my husband so much and I don't want him to leave me. I feel like killing myself right now😭😭😭", 'It’s still early in the game. Crypto will settle down as more money is in the market...it will become less volatile but Bitcoin will probably be in the 100s of thousands to millions at that point...so buying now doesn’t seem that bad', "Yeah, the bankers do not want you switching to a money system they don't control.", 'This is funny as the Fed and many other nations adopt digital currency.', 'CNN just trying to buy in on a dip', 'Ahh! Typical media fear and manipulation smh', 'You also hear from the guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who got rich one a single trade....', 'Crypto changed my life really helped me do whatever I want in life just buy weekly and in the span of 4 years I can guarantee you financial freedom m… CNN is lying They don’t want us to hold BTC as theirs only 7% left just do your research why does Elon Jack Dorsey micheal Saylor hold btc…. Just don’t miss out cnn viewers', 'Chrissy boy….waiting for your show', 'Buy AMC while you can because when Citadels Crimes come forward and it’s time for them to pay it’s gonna be madness.', 'Where is the story on Fredo number 2?', "Haha 😂 reminds me of the people's models that app download pick one Ford Mustang and said goodbye lol 😂 true storyline 🆗", "Where's Fredo?", 'Andrew Cuomo is going down 🤣', "I'm looking for Chris Cuomo commenting on the stories around his brother......", 'Fomo is another form of coveting haha', 'Both fredos need to go.', 'Any news on the investigation into the new york governor?', 'We should mention governor Cuomo CNN!', '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', "What? No ones missed on bitcoin yet lol. Gotta be lik 2142 for that to be\n\nAlso you only lose when you sell, I've been threw several cycles now, while selling at low points. I've done nothing but make money holding certain clearly valuable tokens", 'Mrs maria jones is legit and her method of trading works like magic shes one step ahead of other traders.', 'CNN proving they don’t know anything about Cryptocurrency All to the benefit of the Crypto bit in the infrastructure bill that’s about to pass. \n\nGot it.', "Juan talks alot but says very little I dont buy everything he's selling\t🤐\t|", 'Keep your greedy hands out of crypto government', 'Where’s the Cuomo love story? Why hasn’t the story been released on this channel?', 'Ciao Bella!\n🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂\nHell yeah the fraudsters are coming out!', '"The last race of WARRIOR\'S called the Taarakians. The ELDERS CALLED UPON HER, but she arrived too late to protect the doomed villagers. After this, Taarna vows to avenge their deaths and destroy the source of their GREAT evil!"\n\n"And the Spirit of Taarna the Taarakian is transferred across the universe to a NEW DEFENDER. And the power of evil is contained for another generation. And a new Taarakian is born to protect the next!"\n\n- HEAVY METAL (Taarakian: The Bride of Christ)\n\nRevelation 19\n"And after these things I heard a GREAT VOICE OF MUCH PEOPLE IN HEAVEN (Those Raptured), saying, ALLELUIA; SALVATION, AND GLORY, AND HONOUR, AND POWER, UNTO THE LORD OUR GOD!"\n\n"For TRUE AND RIGHTEOUS\xa0ARE\xa0HIS JUDGMENTS: for he hath JUDGED THE GREAT WHORE (America), which did corrupt the Earth with her fornication, and hath AVENGED the blood of his servants at her hand."\n\n"And again they said, ALLELUIA! And her smoke rose up for ever and ever!"\xa0(America attacked by Russia & China)\n\n"And the four and twenty ELDERS and the four beasts fell down and WORSHIPPED GOD THAT SAT ON THE THRONE, SAYING, AMEN; ALLELUIA!"\n\n"And a voice came out of the THRONE, saying, PRAISE OUR GOD, ALL YE HIS SERVANTS, AND YE THAT FEAR HIM, BOTH SMALL AND GREAT!"\n\n"And I heard as it were the voice of a GREAT MULTITUDE, and as the VOICE OF MANY WATERS (People raptured from around the world), and as the voice of MIGHTY THUNDERINGS, saying, ALLELUIA: FOR THE LORD GOD OMNIPOTENT REIGNETH!"\n\n"Let us be GLAD AND REJOICE, AND GIVE HONOUR TO HIM: for the Marriage of the Lamb is come... And his wife (The Bride of Christ: Me) hath made herself, READY!"\n\n"And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in FINE LINEN, CLEAN AND WHITE: for the fine linen is the RIGHTEOUSNESS OF SAINTS!"\n\n"And he saith unto me, Write, BLESSED\xa0ARE\xa0THEY WHICH ARE CALLED (Me) UNTO THE MARRIAGE SUPPER OF THE LAMB! And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God."\n\n"And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See\xa0thou do it\xa0not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the TESTIMONY OF JESUS: worship God: for the TESTIMONY OF JESUS IS THE SPIRIT OF PROPHECY!"\n\n"And I saw Heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him\xa0was\xa0called FAITHFUL and TRUE, and in RIGHTEOUSNESS he doth JUDGE AND MAKE WAR!"\n\n"His eyes\xa0were\xa0as a FLAME OF FIRE, and on his head\xa0were\xa0MANY CROWNS (Me); and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself!"\n\n"And he\xa0was\xa0clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called... THE WORD OF GOD!"\n\n"And the Armies (Me raptured)\xa0which were\xa0in Heaven followed him upon white horses, CLOTHED\xa0 IN FINE LINEN, WHITE AND CLEAN!"\n\n"And out of his mouth goeth a SHARP SWORD, that with it he should smite the nations: and he SHALL RULE THEM with a ROD OF IRON: and he treadeth the winepress of the FIERCENESS AND WRATH of Almighty God!"\n\n"And he hath on\xa0his\xa0vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS (Me 😎), AND LORD OF LORDS!"\n\n"And I saw an Angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a LOUD voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of Heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the SUPPER OF THE GREAT GOD!"\n\n"That ye may eat the flesh of kings (Satan, fallen angels, Illuminati/Freemasons & whoever denies Jesus), and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all\xa0men, both\xa0free and bond, both small and great!"\n\n"And I saw the beast, and the kings of the Earth, and their armies, gathered together to MAKE WAR AGAINST HIM that sat on the horse, and against HIS Army!"\n\n"And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the Mark of the Beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were CAST ALIVE INTO THE LAKE OF FIRE (Hell) burning with brimstone!!!"\n\nhttps://youtu.be/jkw4Xw9t0Gs', 'love It🤣\t😶\t|', 'Frodo is in the report. Congrats CNN !', 'Bitcoin to $5 million!', 'Finally getting rid of Chris, or he’s probably gone now he’s as creepy as we thought he was.', 'The lizards are actually demons..\t😐\t|', 'The Cuomo brothers should both resign.....', '99% of people lost money but never heard about it lol', 'Where’s your coverage of Gov. Cuomo?', 'Does Bernie Madoff ring a 🛎?', 'Water ARE coming out of the woodwork during  COBRA?this is what I *heard*! How can I learn to speak English  with this kind o pronunciation and articutation?', '💲GLCH❕❕❕', 'Way to manipulate the market CNN. Not a good look', 'WHERE’S FREDO???', 'You get fake scammers in the comments in lots of vids', 'CLOVER FINANCE 🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀', '- *FIRE FrEdO!*', 'I’ll grab my ankles whenever a lib is around 😲', "I can't find the video on gov cuomo I know you had to report it", "Type in CNN and show how many videos they have put out in last 24hrs.\nDozens of videos yet only one about Gov Cuomo. \nDon't you have his brother as a commentator?\nCan you biases be any more transparent?\nNo wonder you ratings are tanking.", 'Does Fredo always excuse sexual misconduct?', 'cnn heroes: avenati & cuomo', 'Cuomo.', 'CNN needs help with its audio, big help.', "Maybe Andrew Cuomo can go work for CNN.\nI mean they didn't have any issue with Jeffery Toobin...", 'Corruption', 'Boiler room not wolf of wall street', 'What about all these "influencers" promoting fake crypto coins like faze kay, rice gum and even the kardashian? The SCC is a joke!', 'LOL cue the scammers in the comments!', 'WOW WOW this is WAAAAAAAAAA more important than lets say COMO....', 'You have a 20k% more of a chance of being scammed with your bank and the federal reserve system lol', 'Lol no coverage of Cuomo investigation, what a surprise 🤣', 'Any Word on Fredo?', 'BS.', "Cuomo feeling the work ladies.  \nWhere's the reporting CNN?  🤔", 'I’ll grab my ankles whenever a lib is around 😲', 'Where is Fredo?', 'Trolls and shills have been around for centuries haha be sceptical all the time now ....Haha with maintaining perspective and context haha', 'all in 125x long futures on CUOMO coin.', 'I can fit three fingers in my lib brown eye 👁', 'What are the odds that Fredo shows up to work tonight?', "Hey, how about that women's soccer team. Yayyyy", 'Crypto money exist as long as internet exist. Do opposite of what CNN try to fool you. 😑', 'Dang still no Cuomo videos :D LMFAO', 'I can fit three fingers in my lib brown eye 👁', "Talking about passive income and investment I'll go with Cryptocurrency.", 'how about a story about Cuomo ?', 'PUMP and dump dont sell it pumps again', "Hey CNN where's the story about governor Cuomo?", 'Pump and Dump is rampant in crypto', 'Fire fredo', "Hey where's Fredo at, doesn't he have anything stupid to say in defense of his brother?!?!\nCome on man!🤣", 'Lol where the cuomo news @', '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣anything  not to talk about governor Cuomo 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣CNN has no shame unless it fits there narrative.', 'Should probably make a statement about cuomo loooooooool, cant wait', 'Haha Feeling crypto , you mean your mate Cuomo feeling ! CNN NO BALLS.', 'CUOMO ????????', 'NOTHING ABOUT CUOMO?????\nFake news!!!', 'I do not trust the federal government keep your slimy hands off crypto', 'Reporting about crypto instead of Cuomo.  Good job CNN.', '👎🏻🤡', "Wow CNN you've went the whole day without talking about Andrew Cuomo. I wonder why 🤔", 'WOW.... STILL NO VIDEO OR RESPONSE TO CUOMO FINDINGS. \n\n7 HOURS....', 'Vague, generic, useless advice.', 'Any updates from freddi ;)', "I've asked this question once already. No one seems to have an answer, but I'll ask again. Could someone please explain to me how an unvaccinated person is a threat to a vaccinated person?", 'I buy my crypto during a bear market when nobody cares then I hold for years until there is a bullrun and I wait until everyone is fomoing in and that is when I sell. Hodl for years to make money in crypto buy when nobody cares sell when everyone is buying.', 'Andrew Cuomo , say his name CNN', 'bitcoin dump in may by 50% haha ..', 'Fredo is curled up in the fetal position with a sippy cup of Chardonnay.', 'Saint Cuomo is more important than this.', 'Nothing on Cuomo????', 'Hey CNN, heard about ya boy Cuomo? 😂😂😂\nWe should talk!', 'CNN did we go hush hush about Governor Cuomo? WTF is wrong with your network.', 'My stepdads a fomo.', 'Will Chris interview Aaaandrew?', "Eh just don't put your money on a memecoin so you won't be screwed over", "What about Fredo's brother? 🤔", "Where's the Cuomo story?", 'Andrew Cuomo thinks he is Bill Clinton, but even Bill Clinton was impeached and  was disbarred due to sexual harrassment and perjury. Bill Clinton can NEVER practice law again and soon you will follow Andrew Cuomo. You will be disbarred.', 'Looking for CNN reporting on Cuomo after NY AG says he violated law and brother Chris (CNN Employee) help write his defense position.  \n\nI am concerned that this makes CNN liable for pending civil and perhaps criminal liability, which if true would be appropriate.  \n\nI do not want to lose CNN', 'Hari ini ya e.s2.e jika tidak bye bye russel crowe', "Wow that's some fake news and I'm a Democrat", "They are not going anywhere cause politicians don't go to jail . Hillary & Joe Biden is a PERFECT EXAMPLE .\t😀\t|", 'Tomorrow CNN will have a story on the dog show in England from 2020.  Sorry folks no stories on what Biden is  doing good or bad with the country.  However CNN loyalist your Trump video will return the next day.  Please be calm.  If you have a craving for hate just take it out on your family, because Trump will be back on CNN in a few days to relieve your craving.', 'In primetime, Fox News topped total viewers with 2.12 million, but that was down 34% from a year earlier. MSNBC averaged 1.31 million, down 37%, while CNN posted 856,000, down 43%. In the 25-54 demo, Fox News topped with 330,000, down 36%, followed by CNN with 190,000, down 52%, and MSNBC with 168,000, down 44%.', '*Rules for thee, not for me.*\n*We can do what we want, when we want, to whomever we want.*\n\n                   - Cuomo brothers', 'Trump won', 'FOMO? WHAT ABOUT GOVERNOR CUOMO?!\n\nCNN DOESNT HAVE A VIDEO DISCUSSING THIS BOMBSHELL REPORT', 'Sadly cnn never even got a chance to be “pumped” and reach its all time high potential. Instead it’s been one long stinky decades-long dump', 'This crypto sounds like a bunch of shenanigans and tomfoolery if ya ask me. I miss the days before we had tv and used to play jacks and checkers.', 'Lol, they are trying their hardest to scare you out of crypto😂', "Speaking of fraudsters and scammers, where's the clip of your golden boy Andrew Cuomo? What a corrupted network!", 'Will the Democrats be able to get enough idiots, illegals and dead people to keep control of both Houses in 2022 and to keep control of the White House in 2024, because anyone with any common sense is not going to vote Democrat', "You phonies don't want to report on cuomo? Typical democrat.", 'No Cuomo news ?', 'Remember when news outlets used to report the major stories like Cuomo groping his way through NY politics? Ahhh those were the days.', 'CNN can not be trusted', 'Though very true, in all honesty, its still better than keeping cash cos its thrash. 3 surprisingly easy ways to double/hold your funds these days besides cripto,; real estates, gold, someone give me the third....', "Well its clear CNN hasn't heard the news as they havnt reported on it. Ill fill you all in gov cuomos investigation found evidence that all the women that came out against him weren't lying. My pleasure let's see if cnn mention it.", 'CNN Stole this story line straight off telegram in fact the video on telegram is way more informative.', 'Prayers to the 60 cuomo victims.', 'Are fraudsters news organizations that purposefully don’t show stories about their employees brother who is a raging pervert? That’s kind of fraud right?', 'Iam feeling the JOMO with cryptocurrency lmao', 'Obama bin laden throwing a massive mask less party 🎉 Covid is officially over people time to party like a rock star.', "There's one born every minute....LOL", 'How does Fredo feel about his perv bro?', 'Fake news again!!!! CNN TRUMP 2024 !!!!', "No thanks, you can keep your Ponzi scheme. My retirement money is mostly in S&P 500 fund that's been growing since 2008.", 'I wonder what Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon are gonna talk about tonight?', 'Who keeps killing the cops and saying it was suicide?', 'Never understood the FOMO thing. Ridiculous.', "I'm going to make all my financial decisions based on segments that CNN make. 🤦\u200d♂️", 'cuomo who?', 'How about the news from new York ? Biden a conspiracy guy now lmao , shameful', 'Wow I got to hand it to the scammers they are everywhere🤔', '"The walls are closing in!" on CUOMO!\nTDS IS REAL!', 'I’m a short seller so in thrive on pump and dumps. I wait for the sheep to buy, I short sell once the price has gone up and is significantly extended', 'Governor Cuomo, CNN M.I.A😂 we get it, you guys are busy writing a movie script for later tonight.', "It's spelled CUOMO not CRYPTO!", "Haha and they sent Martha Stewart to jail haha.....now that's a laugh haha", "CNN is pretty good at Pump and Dump too... isn't it ironic", 'Indeed', 'Please karma gods… let Freddo do a bit on his sexual deviant brother… 🙏🏼', 'People need to stop looking at crypto as a get rich quick thing. Find tokens that are developing technology and invest in the long term.', 'Vechain and cardano is a great investment.  Do your research!', "Cash App has on a page where you can buy stock on the app. I'm wondering if it's true?", 'Where’s the WhatsApp scammer in the comments', 'Criminal pump and dump, thy name is swamp. Victim is america.', 'Omg CNN gotta ruin crypto too. This video is hilarious.', "I'm feeling some CUOMO scammers are this weeks vertebrae in the highly entertaining Democrat party ouroboros breakdown.", 'So guess what ad this precise YouTube video has ? That’s right, an ad for a Bitcoin scam.', "Any news on Biden and Pelosi calling the the *RESIGNATION OF ANDREW \nCUOMO* ?  What about CNN's Chris Cuomo's implication?  Will he be \nresigning too?  OK thanks!", "Are we going to get a roid-raged report from Fredo about his brother followed up by CNN's token-black Don Lemon comforting his buddy?", 'No punishment for the masterminds of scams?', 'Forget Crypto! I have some snake oil for you to invest in - guaranteed to cure all your ills.', 'And this is the news folks. This is the major new. Why I stopped watching CNN...', 'What does Fredo Cuomo have to say about his brother?', 'Fredo is consulting his pos brother on how to handle his situation.', "An explosive news day involving the left's golden boy Andre Imnohomo and CNN doesn't even mention it.  \nOnly people who don't want to see what's happening around them follow this circus network", 'I think Governor Cuomo is innocent. -Average CNN viewer', "Cryptocurrency trading changed my life 😊😊. It's so profitable.", 'Libs, like me, can’t think for ourselves. So I believe anything the media spoon feeds me. I’m not dupid 🤪', 'No mention thus far in CNN video clips of the NY AG report that exposes Gov. Cuomos sexual misconduct. Does Chris Cuomo have anything to do with silencing coverage on CNN?', "I will say it again,\n\nCrypto currency is a scam! Don't buy what online scammers like.", 'No news on Cuomo, yet CNN fake news still milking stories on trump. No wonder CNN needs trump back if to survive as news outlet. 😆', 'Digital currency - The Death of the US.', "I don't plan on buying anything on the dark web or using ransomeware to hijack someone's business, so I won't be needing cryptocurrency. That's what it was created for to begin with.", 'Why aren’t you talking about Andrew Cuomo?', "Haven't seen nearly as many Bitcoin trolls lately. Youtube was slow to take it seriously.", 'expert in Pump & Dump is no other then Elon Muskrat', 'Crypto is for snow flakes LMAO 🤣 buy it up 🤣', "I just heard on Facebook that CNN had to apologize because they made a big error on the jurueselem documentary how can a reporter or investigator make such an error that's why nobody likes cnn", "How come you fake news people aren't talking about Gov Cuomo!???\nWheres that brother of his?\nWe'd like to hear what he had to say about his upcoming impeachment!", 'Haha that was a slam on the mentality of society hahaha.... when a parrot....embodies the kind information they wish to taken in haha simple minds shiny objects haha', '🌟GPMUTHU  👨 sunnyleone  🌟 miakhalifa  🌟 movie 🎥👌 🇮🇳', 'If you are rich enough to buy into these scams...then you deserve to lose it!', "Oh...this is the big story?    What about Fredo's Brother?", "Fredo just hasn't been caught yet.", "Where's Andrew Cuomo CNN? Unfortunately the attempt to pretend there's nothing to see here hasn't worked...perhaps Jeffrey Toobin can interview him on Zoom??? Ha ha ha ha ha", 'Cuomo? Gonna cover Cuomo? Will cnn once again praised for standing against  the evil women that made the accusations. \nCNN like your ratings your win to lose ratio is dropping rapidly.  Hey chris Cuomo...give your brother a big kiss for me (yuck just nasty)', 'I wouldn’t classify Bitcoin as a pump and dump it’s still up over $30,000 from this time last year', "You mean fake money pushed by billionaires on Twitter and YouTube bots is a scam? Didn't see that coming.", 'Why does Biden always walk, talk, and look like he just crawled out of a grave? Like the walking dead…. Slurred, slow speech that never makes sense… I miss mean tweets, prosperity and safety…..', 'Why is this video?', 'Computers haha black boxes controlling the stockmarkets haha technical analysis of stocks work best unless your gambling', 'ITS CUOMO NOT FOMO', 'I got lucky last Dec with Bitcoin, I accidentally bought a 1000 dollars in BTC & by the time I figured out how to sell it back I made 2K off it lol', 'How do fellow kids, can i get you to fear crytpo as much as co\\/id and the environment?', 'I’m only longing to the Rapture to Jesus', "CNN why aren't you covering Line3??? Police have been paid 500 000 to arrest Indigenous protestors. Get on it, you have large enough teams. We see your corporate ties.", "If CNN doesn't post a video about Cuomo I will never troll for libs here again. No that is too drastic", 'b7pyw\r\nvun.fyi', 'any reason why they are not reporting the big story of the day?  i know their rating here are in the toilet but did they already go out of business?', 'Governor Cuomo New book\nAmerican Crisis: Leadership Lessons Sexually Harassing Women.', 'Pump and dump is a Navy bootcamp term.  Self-explanatory.  Lol', 'We are not watching Biden/Harris failing. We are watching the destruction of the democrat party.', 'the entire stock market is one big pump and dump scheme. What do you think the options/derivatives market is all about? Even real estate too.', 'Lmao. I just love all the Cuomo comments. 😝\n\nRemember the same people who went after him is going after Trump.  Be sure to keep that same energy, ya hear?', 'No it\'s much smarter to invest in the USD, which is about to collapse to half of what it is.  The Biden printing press won\'t stop.  He just violated a supreme court ruling on moratorium, but hey CNN ain\'t going to report "news".', "That's what they call you if your not a traditional BANKER", "Start reporting on real news and get to the border and show the world the emergency state we are in with illegals flooding our country! You people wouldn't know journalism if it walked up and bit you in the arse!", 'look at all those thumbs down, those are still believers ... and that\'s why it goes up, it\'s worthless without those "thumbs down-ers"', "And here's the crypto flock that claims this is  all false while themselves hope to get rich by selling their crap to others without producing anything at all. That's how normal currency works, right?", 'Nobody cares what you have to post.  Stop avoiding Cuomo.  Also Chris needs to step down if he can’t talk about his brother professionally.', 'Funny how CNN isn’t talking about Cuomo right now. Everywhere else it’s front page news. Where is the #metoo movement at? Certainly not up in New York calling for him to be cancelled. I guess if you are a democrat politician, you are excluded!', 'The Democratic Party are the ones who held poc back historically, their values haven’t changed, if anyone but poc where to blame for the problems of poc, it’s democrats, why aren’t they saying they are going to change? They put blame everywhere else, when they know they are at fault for much of what they claim to fight against, they are still making life much worse for poc, \n  telling them they are hopeless and unable to help themselves, and all they can do is vote democrat and say what leftists tell them to say.', 'If a Republican governor would of been found guilty of sexual harassment.\nCNN would of made 3 videos already.', 'Who thought the super annoying and distracting background sound effects were a good idea?', "Any news on Biden and Pelosi calling the the *RESIGNATION OF ANDREW \nCUOMO* ?  What about CNN's Chris Cuomo's implication?  Will he be \nresigning too?  OK thanks!", 'Still nothing about your favourite woman botherer Andy Cuomo.', 'Thats why people should just stick with the proven cryptos; Bitcoin and Ethereum.'], ['How much do you think Trump’s endorsement helps candidates? -Chris', '“Widow tickets” is an interesting thing in itself.', 'Before I watch the clip, let me guess:\nMoney.\nThe secret is money.', 'Let’s hear more details about how Fredo coached his big brother to come out ‘on top’ literally from his perverse scandals!', '"10% for the big guy" - The BIGGEST dirty secret.', "Biden's endorsement from the Chinese Communist Party continues to go un-reported. Let's do a story on that. You know....real news. 🇺🇸", 'Throughout history authoritarians have only censored the truth. Never in history was there a need to censor lies', '"We have met the enemy, and he is us!"  ~ Walt Kelly\n"The secret of freedom is educating the people, whereas the secret of tyranny is keeping them ignorant."  ~ Robespierre\n“Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities” ~ Voltaire\n"There can be no successful appeal from the ballot to the bullet."  ~Abraham Lincoln\n“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence." ~ Charles Bukowski\n"Everybody has a right to their opinion, but nobody has a right to be wrong in their facts."  ~ Bernard Baruch, quoted in 1946 AP article.\n“It\'s easier to fool people than it is to convince them that they have been fooled.” \n~ Mark Twain\n“It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.” ~ James A. Baldwin\n"When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent."  ~  Isaac Asimov\n“If we are to have another contest in the near future of our national existence, I predict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon\'s but between patriotism and intelligence on the one side, and superstition, ambition and ignorance on the other.”  ~ Ulysses S. Grant, 1875\n"When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.”  ~ Typically misattributed to Sinclair Lewis, the original source of this quote is unknown, but likely derived from labor activist Eugene V. Debs 1917 quote, "Every robber or oppressor in history has wrapped himself in a cloak of patriotism or religion, or both."\n\n_Before World War II, Charles Lindbergh typified American heroism with his daring flights, including the first solo transatlantic flight, and his celebration of new technology. He parlayed his fame and heroic stature into a leading role in the America First movement, which opposed America’s entrance into the war against Nazi Germany. In 1939, in an essay entitled “Aviation, Geography, and Race,” published in that most American of journals, Reader’s Digest, Lindbergh embraced something close to Nazism for America:_\n\n_"It is time to turn from our quarrels and to build our White ramparts again. This alliance with foreign races means nothing but death to us. It is our turn to guard our heritage from Mongol and Persian and Moor, before we become engulfed in a limitless foreign sea."_\n\n_The America First movement was the public face of pro-fascist sentiment in the United States at that time. In the twenties and thirties, many Americans shared Lindbergh’s views against immigration, especially by non-Europeans. The Immigration Act of 1924 strictly limited immigration into the country, and it was specifically intended to restrict the immigration of both nonwhites and Jews._\n~ _How Fascism Works, The Politics of Us and Them_ by Jason Stanley\n\nOnce again, nationalism, aka fascism, has risen its ugly head in America, in European nations, and in some other countries around the world.  The fight of good people against ignorance, the fears that sprout from it, the hate which then blossoms, culminating in the bitter toxic fruit of evil, senseless brutalities and deaths, is a constant, never-ending battle we fear, but it is a battle from which we must never shrink.\n\nIn this era, the likes of Toxic Trump and Marginalized Greene have become the face of the new "America First" fascist movement built up over the last four decades by the GOP, Reich-wing plutocrats, demagogues, and media.  But, as with Lindbergh, the American people gradually come to recognize their dysfunctional poison and reject it.  Most Americans understand, accept, and appreciate that the enduring strength of America is that we are a nation of immigrants and multiculturalism, a "melting pot" where the best ideas rise to the top, and superficial differences are meaningless in the face of our common humanity and purpose.  Most Americans want competent leaders who speak truth, who strive to unite, who are not corrupt, who care about them.  So, it should come as no surprise that President Biden is already receiving high marks from the public, while Toxic Trump never managed to rise above even a 50% approval rating.  To conclude where begun, the following quotes are submitted for further reflection:\n\n"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."  ~ George Santayana\n"History doesn\'t repeat itself.  But it does rhyme.  ~ Mark Twain\n"That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history."  ~ Aldous Huxley\n"If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us! But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern which shines only on the waves behind."  ~ Samuel Taylor Coleridge\n\n(Reference also Father Charles E. Coughlin and Henry Ford in regards to the first America First movement.)\n\n"Call this civic barbarism. Instead of promoting the values of responsible citizenship, Trump, Republican leadership, and their media enablers have elevated and blessed the very worst among us. They are making many Americans less suited for self-government and more dangerous to their neighbors. And they are doing so for the reason some of the Founders most feared: To lead the mob against true democracy."\n~ Michael Gerson, from _\'Trumpism is American Fascism\'_\n(NOTE: Gerson is a staunch life-long conservative, who served as former President George W. Bush\'s chief speech writer.)\n\nMalcolm Nance: We Are In A Neo-Fascist Era In American Politics\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_RxUAe2zeM\n\nPolitical Analyst Tells Joy Reid: Forget Trumpism, IT’s Neo-Fascism\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IgNp84JA4A', 'Funny how wives are running after their COVID husband deaths.', "What about Fredo's nursing home death?", 'Hahahahaha I was watching Governor Cuomo’s statement about him perving the ladies. Geez at the end of it I’m pretty sure we need to send him for victim counseling. This guy is the sleaziest of the sleazy. I don’t buy one word he says.', '88 and 2 (really 1) almost exactly mirrors his record in court appearances contesting the results of the 2020 election.  In 87 court appearances, 86 losses and 1 win.  The 1 win was completely moot as it was a appeal on an issue that had already been resolved.', 'Widows running for deceased husband’s Congressional seat. Does it get any more Banana Republic than that? Is any more evidence needed that Congress is worthless?', 'According to Author Michael Wolff – Steve Bannon in an interview said 12 months prior to 2020 election about Trump “ he can’t win – it can only end in tears” Coincidently Trump appoints Dejoy to start breaking down Postal Service – Trump then tells supporters to not use postal voting – After the vote – Trump then writes to Senior Justice Dept. Officials “Just say the election was corrupt and leave the rest to me ” Trump knew from polling that he could not win – Trump is not delusional about the result = He scammed the whole deal from the start. The plan to destroy America Post was part of it', 'Hahaha, not a word about Cuomo huh?', "All we have to do is watch the democratic party tear itself apart. It's been a great week!", 'We lost, so…. It must be a lie. -liberal liars', '❤️Let’s talk about cuomo CNN ❤️', '🎯💯👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽💖💖💖', 'PLEASE bin the swanee whistle! Enough already.', 'THE DELUSION CONTINUES', '- *CHRIS WHY YOU STILL ON HERE?!*', 'The amount of GOP bot comments in this comment section is insane', 'god bless us,and pelosi had no legal rights two object|', 'Like Tyrump, those Oreos should be called Mega-Death, not merely Mega-stuffed.', 'Wow they went really heacy on the memes in this one', 'I am so tired of fighting this war.', '"Dirty little secret" Did this man come up with the title name?', 'Based on the comments that I’ve read all the way down, I would say that someone is fiddling the like/dislike ratio! Probably getting some practice in for 2022!', 'Lol, how about Cuomos dirty little secret...not so secret anymore huh :)', 'Dirty new York govner though', 'How bout that Love Gov huh?', 'Let’s see if this fake news network report on creepy coumo', 'Soooo CNN when will you post a video about Cuomo? Tick tock tick tock.', 'Next video: can you do about your dirty secret? So we can compare.', 'The comments are hilarious. I hope the executives at CNN are reading them. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍👍🤣🤣👍🤣👍', 'This is your lead story!!! Hahahaha.', "Oh my God they're still talking about Trump? Lmao", 'Space n time came from the spirit. The spirit created space n time. What was here before space n time. The spirit', "You obviously haven't had The MOST Stuf Oreos, have you? 🍪", 'Andrew Cuomo is going down!! 🤣', 'Mega stuff!!!!!', 'Cover real news!', 'Move on CNN. Find some real news', "CNN needs there boogie man yet again !  Just can't do any actual reporting of potato bidens regime.", 'this network is BS', 'Would highly appreciate if you just do away with those comical background sounds.. Some how trivialises the.. Point..', 'Cuomo, Cuomo, Cuomo!!!!! Hear?', "Speaking of dirty little secretes, what's new with the Cuomos?", 'OK got my popcorn and my soda,  just waiting for the Freddo update.', "Billionaire business man my arse, he's a grifter pure & simple, Rj in Oz", "Does he give candidates an actual boost or is he just so picky that he'll only endorse safe bets (or absolute sicophants that have mellowed him for years before)?", 'It looks like you endorse…… books… and 1990’s shirts', 'Man....Are we still talking about this guy? Must be desperate.', 'Where is CNN report on Andrew Coumo? Shiet.', 'What happened to cuomo today?', 'HEY CNN, has anything happened in New York lately ?  Like, maybe involving the GOVERNOR ?  JUST WONDERING, BECAUSE THERE IS A REPORT OUT ON CUOMO !!!!!', 'Will Governor Cuomo go to jail now?', 'HMMMMM where the Cuomo story?  Interesting how that is being ignored.  Where’s Fredo?', '😪😴', 'COAMO GUILTY !!!ANOTHER LETS NOT TELL ANYONE ABOUT ON CNN', 'I’m waiting for cnn to start reporting on their favorite Mayor.  The one that likes harass woman.', 'This guy is a cartoon character. CNN is imploding', "Meanwhile you guys haven't uploaded a single video on Andrew Cuomo", 'well, tbh, it looks like you are using his name for click bait, considering your story has no actual basis in fact.', 'If you pay me cash I will endorse you to get reelected but you have to get me the money first.', 'Eternally rent free', '0:20:  "88 and 2..."  Was it really 88?  88 is a code that Nazis use.  H is the 8th letter of the alphabet.  HH stands for Heil Hitler.', 'Begging praise from Trump seems so sleezy.', 'You got Pompeo who is an intelligence puppet, who working against the movement\t😔\t|', "love this show! but please stop putting his fugly face as a thumbnail, it's very disturbing! waited 4 years to not have to see or hear about him every single second. Not seeing that face goes a long way towards healing the trauma from that situation. Thanks!", 'Cuomo is going to jail. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH', "Remember when Clinton said he didn't do any of it...turns out he had over 100 woman.", 'in current news  biden just asked cuomo to step down :)   of course you needed a trump headline.', 'Hey CNN- What about bad touch Cuomo?', 'Joey Jackson\n\nThe panel was talking about the "court of public opinion."\n\nThere are some things where are you can only be convicted in the court of public opinion.\n\nOr you can be convicted in the "court of public fact."\n\nIf a woman can prove that a married man became the father of her child while being married,\n\nThat is not a crime.\n\nBut many will think much less of him.\n\nBut he should be able to defend himself if accused behind his back without a DNA test.', 'Laugh out loud', 'When this guy speaks, all I hear is cracking door hinges', 'They just really really miss him, don’t they', '7 months later he is still in your mind sad.', 'What is Biden doing? Better then ever?', "but isn't this classic trump?  he inflates everything so that he creates the appearance of being super rich, well liked and influential.  I will go to my grave with the belief that trump supporters legitimately believe that trump was going to make them rich.", "CNN where's the story about Cuomo's dirty little secret  😂", 'Hey CNN. Did you forget to upload videos about Cuomo 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Not a single report on cuomo huh CNN??? 😂😂', "The dirty little secret about CNN - It's the DNC version of Fox News.", 'Yea right, lol! Your golden boy Cuomo is about to get the spot light regarding his older brother and his involvement in harassing victims! All your “Orange man bad” propaganda is going to look like crap! Let’s see y’all spin your way out of this one!', 'Wow . Bring out the hate Nate !  :O)', 'HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA', 'seems like ted koppel was right', "I'd be embarrassed to work at CNN.....", 'Cuomo, CNN, any news about him?', "Uhhh... so there's a major bombshell scandal happening in New York State and you upload something about Trump.....\n\nBhahahahahahah!!!!", 'LMAO', 'stop talking about him', "Does Biden's red tie mean something?", 'This dude has a wedding ring.  I wonder what he named his ewe?', 'I concur\n\nDOUBLE STUFFED OREOS!!!', 'Quick, we need a diversion from our beloved media darling being busted! Today, Donald Trump Trump Trump....', 'Bruh why us this in the top news on YouTube these are not news just a waste of time', '@ CNN \nChris should cover the breaking news about his brother', "Any news on Biden and Pelosi calling the the *RESIGNATION OF ANDREW CUOMO* ?  What about CNN's Chris Cuomo's implication?  Will he be resigning too?  OK thanks!", 'I love how this is on their page and not the cuomo scandal', '12.7 M subscribers?? thats nothing for CNN 🤭', 'There’s a bunch of dirty little secrets about the Cuomos and CNN!! 😆😂😂', '*Impeach Andrew Cuomo !!!*\n#metoo #BelieveWomen', 'I don’t watch fredo or cnn for the same reason I don’t drink water from the toilet', 'Where’s your coverage of Gov. Cuomo?', 'Can barely hear this compared to other videos from CNN', 'wtf 480p max resolution. what the hell is this 2009?', 'Clinton news network', 'Wonder what Donna Lemonhead will talk about 🥴', 'Has so much power', 'What about Cuomo? CNN still not reporting on that Chris??', 'Oh, there another article form Chrissy...', 'Bangladesh click farm hard at work to keep this above water.', 'Maybe all those lost elections he endorsed were also stolen? Just like when he lost the House and the Senate. And that time he served hamberders in the White House, he really had a five star dinner prepared, but it was stolen.', "Turn your MICROPHONE UP.\nYou're talking too low.", 'Why are you still talking about Trump? Reality much?', 'cuomo cuomo tell us about him.', 'Throughout history authoritarians have only censored the truth. Never in history was there a need to censor lies', 'Cuomo lol', 'When are cnn going to do an item about the report on sexual accusations of cuomo? No interest?', "i think more people would have watched this if it weren't a pixelated mess of a video", 'You might be in trouble posting this on the internet.', 'Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.', 'It is so blatantly obvious. CNN ratings continue to plummet. CNN needs to report misinformation as fact when it comes to Trump, to increase viewership.', 'Trump is a living legend 💯', "If it ain't all that, then why is it a story?", 'What about Andy ?', "Just can't go one day, can you. I'll wait for you to do some actual reporting on the current train wreck Biden administration first. Living rent free...", 'FIRE CUOMO NOW!', 'CNN has always had a hard on for trump the corporation itself is completely obsessed. At this point it’s just fun to watch them have this hard on lol.', 'Recognition of the  inherent dignity of the equal  and inalienable  rights of all members of the Human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world.\npreamble universal Declaration of human Rights\nAll human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.\nArticle 1-The universal Declaration of Human Rights\n\nEveryone has the right to life,liberty and security of person.\n\nArticle 3- The Universal Declaration of Human Rights.', 'Why aren’t they talking about Matt Gaetz anymore 🤣🤣🤣 THE BIG  LIE didn’t work out for them to well did it', 'Tell fredo I just seen his brother on the news. Hahahahaha', 'Impeach democrats', 'Lmao Atlantic Mirror', 'Staggeringly silence from CNN', 'I love seeing libs meltdown in real time 😂', 'He clearly cannot accept any loss!', 'Nescafé instant coffee mixed with cold water and a splash of flavored creamer makes one heck of a cold brew coffee drink. Pro tip to stay ahead of this bidenflation.', 'oh my God... without trump..... you wouldnt have a show???? talk about someting else now..... jeez... ppl like you keep trump in the news', 'Cnn:"cant wait for the boogeyman to be gone"\nAlso cnn:"TRUMP THIS,TRUMP THAT.....u miss him yet?\n\nAt least for the sake of ur horrible viewership 🤪🥴😂😭', 'Can hardly hear you with sound up high.', "While YouTube is busy resetting the down votes on other sites they're adding up votes to CNN's! Wow!", 'Remember when Joe Biden call black children roaches?', 'Back in 2018, PA held a special election, Conor Lamb(D) against Rick Saccone (R). No one ever heard of Lamb. He came out of nowhere in January & beat the projected winner Saccone before our district maps were redrawn re: ratpubliklan gerrymandering. Trump endorsed Saccone who lost. 🤭  We The People of PA had enough of ratpubliklans & our midterms, special elections & general election proved that.', "How's that Biden inflation treating everyone? 👍", 'How often is CNN spoon feeding us noteworthy information about Mr build back better? Seems like NEVER!??? How pathetic, Joe is clearly a puppet that no one wants to talk about??? And where is the "unity," blaming Trump for the division in this country while spoon feeding us divisive PROPAGANDA???', 'Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha\n\nI have NEVER seen the "news" so obsessed with a single person.', 'Do you endorse Gov. Cuomo CNN?', '*Rules for thee, not for me.*\n*We can do what we want, when we want, to whomever we want.* \n- Cuomo brothers', 'Is Money and loyalty to orange face , my friend the basis?', 'So we got trump this time? The walls are really closing in this time? He going to jail? Lol.', "Why didn't Biden get invited to the Obama bash coming soon?", "Well, thanks for the greetings. Got a bit of trouble with Obamas, Lagadere's and Merkel's Turks and Islamists from Qatar.", 'Still talking about Trump huh?', 'Jail for the hitman', 'Is it some sick joke that their husbands died of covid, and yet they support trump who failed to act on the virus.', 'When is Fredo going to resign in disgrace? 😂', 'Shots fired outside the pentagon', "He don't have Twitter Account 🗣️👀\nSo, u talking about he is guilty for Pentagram attack today 🗣️👀😁", 'I WILL NOT SPEND MY WHOLE LIFE TALKING NEGATIVE ABOUT TRUMP.  I DO PRAY TRUMP REPENT AND ACCEPT YAH JESUS AS HIS SAVIOR. I PRAY FULL AND TRUE REDEMPTION FOR DONALD TRUMP AND THOSE WHO ARE COMPLICIT TO ALL HIS FAILURES AND SHORT COMINGS.', '*FiRe FrEdO!*', 'Now talk about Biden investments into foreign countries, and his ties with China. 👈😁', 'People that watch CNN, MSNBC, and Fox miss out on a lot of real news.', 'HOW ABOUT A STORY ABOUT ANDREW CUOMO?', "Trump trump trump...for the love of the all mighty we're all tired of hearing of trump..tuning out cnn and all others that keep hitting a dead horse", 'this guy is obsessed', 'Pointless', 'Anybody who endorsed Roy Cohn (that guy who chased under aged girls at the Alabama malls) needs to go back to the drainpipe he slimed out of...', 'Oh yes, beat that Trump drum. Make sure you ignore all the other problems in the world and the current administration!', 'Man U people obsessed 😂', "Where's Fredo?", 'Nothing about Cuomo? Believe all women!', 'People should not be prevented from defending themselves in the court of public opinion.', 'The kiss of death', 'Full of lies news', 'Cuomo…. Just gonna leave that here… tha Goof.', 'Bahaha Where’s the Cuomo story CNN is madly in love with Trump', 'CNN , what happened to your “Golden Boy” Andrew Cuomo today?  😬😬😬😬⭐️', 'Let’s talk about Cuomo , and fire his cnn brother too', "US media plays Americans so easily against each other. My country does it well also. We're all in this together. Support each other and not cable news and corporate media.", 'U funny!', 'A big not so secret about CNN LIES', "Double stuffed Oreos. You're a testament to chemical engineering in the food chain.", 'Democrats secretly love Trump', 'I\'d get my "news" from the National Enquirer before CNN. Hey CNN, did COVID come from Bat Soup? 🤣🤣🤣', "Umm.   Wasn't he banned from Twitter?   How can there be a tweet from the most famously banned person in the world?", 'He really lives in all of your heads rent free', 'What about gov Cuomo', 'The ego was created for space n time? For rhe physical world. The ego dies when we die. Kill the ego enter heaven?', "What happened to cuomo today? I don't see where you reported on it.", 'CHAZ NEWS NETWORK', 'Is this guys viewers supposed to be toddlers?', 'CNN’s ratings are tanking so they need to constantly focus on Trump when in fact he doesn’t matter anymore', 'Notice how news comes out about coumo and CNN still making stories about Trump lol', 'How do I keep getting sucked in road m this guys sophomoric humor', "Her husband died 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 I know it's wrong, Sorry, but 🤣🤣😂🤣😂", "CNN Can't get over TRUMP. OBSESSION IS REAL 😘", '- *TRUMP ENDORSED (CAREY) WINS PRIMARY IN OHIO!!* 🙌💪👊💯🇺🇸🇺🇸', 'all the other networks are buzzing about gov cuomo and you guys are still stuck on trump lol too funny\nhey dj, the record is stuck, the record is stuck, the record is stuck', 'I came to see about the cuomo related allegations, why no mention  of him on this channel?', "I don't trust cnn anymore , l just can't.", 'CNN loves Trump !!!!', "Where's your story on Andrew Cuomo?  Look forward to it.", "So Trump's endorsement for widows of people he helped kill with COVID is 1:1. Interesting.", 'capital mobs teach me democracy!  sorry im not laughing!  LMFAO!', 'A donnie endorsement is the kiss of death', "How much do you think T Rump collects from GOP coffers FOR his endorsements?..He Don't Do ANYTHING without a QuidProQuo", 'One spin doctor accusing the other of spinning the truth. Next...', 'China Endorses this message.', 'Left wing bias made by a left wing bias news channel', 'Remember when Biden said the N-word?', 'We are still talking about Trump? :(', 'Free informazion.... Always', 'Trump still living rent free in CNNs head.', 'slow news day cnn?   no shootings to report on to stir up fear in anticipation for the chipman vote?  or are we still a week or so early for that?', 'CNN should report on Toobins Dirty Little Secrets. That may help your ratings.', 'Joey Jackson \n\nIs there are a hundred and seventy-nine witnesses to Cuomo being rude on occasion,\n\nNot a crime.', 'Still reaching I see', 'What about Cuomo tho?', '🤣 this guy is living rent free on your heads...I love it.  Sad pathetic individuals.  Your ratings have TANKED', 'Where is the Cuomo story? A little embarrassing isn’t it? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Please, stop pumping more hot air into that orange wind bag!', 'Where is the piece on Como frido', 'he is with fox news he is doing videos on YouTube it has his name on it', 'My bet is that you still consider Kamala a win even though she is an obvious failure.', 'SUBTITLES PLEASE', 'Imagine being so broke you still have to talk about Trump. Lmfao', 'I wish Judge Joe Brown would run for president', 'With literally so much to report on with everything going on in the country and the world … Here is CNN still reporting on Trump … go ahead and scroll down CNN’s YouTube videos… Trump this Trump that Trump Trump Trump', 'Lol I think you should be looking at the dirty Little secret that the governor of New York had going along with a bunch of his cronies', "What's up with groping  Governor Cuomo? 11 woman! 715 billion$  joe Bidens Pentagon spending requests is why his presidency was celebrated.", 'Will he be right?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUQQXeCz6iU', 'Yall guys obsessed with Trump.', 'BREAKING NEWS!!!! CNN endorsing Trump in 2024 election in hopes to bring back ratings.', 'Are we gonna talk about the crime rate and murders in Chicago?', 'TRUMP 2024 KMAG', 'CNN only using trump’s name for views. Pathetic!', 'These people really love TRUMP', 'Very low video quality!!', 'NO VIDEOS ON CUOMO HAHAHAHAHAHAHA #CNN @CNN', 'Hahahhaha without Truno CNN is dead. You need Trump', 'Thank you New Yorker Magazine for that insightful article of where the dark money is coming from to help fund The Big Lie, and Voter Suppression.  I will never spend another dime with the company “Overstock”.  As soon as I find out more, they as well, will never get a dime of my money……..sorry Home Depot…..and I really liked them.   Oh well, it’s about the sacrifice.', 'Content A+. Delivery D.', 'Fun fact if Trump would do the honorable thing and concede he lost a free and fair election everyone would be happy to forget about him and never talk about him again. But he has no honor! So here we are', 'still talking Trump?', 'Poor Fredo and fakenews  CNN', 'Join the Republican party, no voting, no education, no medical, no living wage', 'good', 'And fredos brother?', "I can't find a CNN report about Chris' brother Andrew today?", 'KKRK, Ku Klux Republican Klan', 'CNN just won’t let Trump go, I don’t know how they still have a network, them or MSNBC.', "CNN why aren't you covering Line3??? Police have been paid 500 000 to arrest Indigenous protestors. Get on it, you have large enough teams. We see your corporate ties.", 'WHAT ABOUT YOU BROTHER FREDO', 'Last  time I checked trump is out of the office.  Why talk about him still?? Move on.', 'Let"s hear from the Fredo and Bro Comedy Hour about the findings of the investigation into Bro.', 'Whenever I see Cilliza, "freak on a leash" pops into my head.', 'Look youtube is boosting cnns likes again. They think we wont notice', "Keeping the Actor Trump in the news keeps ratings up and people distracted from focusing on building up their immune system and loving their family and friends. Let's walk away from these scripts and focus on building stronger bonds with each other. There is NOTHING to see here but a roster of elite actors dragging our minds through a bunch of theatrics. Mike drop, exit stage left.", "THE KING IS COMING BACK 💪🇱🇷 6 MONTHS WE'RE TAKING THIS COUNTRY BACK 💪 WE'LL HAVE THE MAJORITY 😁🇱🇷👊", 'You fogot to count the Special Runoffs in Georgia.. Trump lost both of those this year too', "why does your audio and resolution suck today? 480p and muffled audio isn't a way to live. sorry, I usually enjoy your segments.. just harder today.", 'KKRK, Ku Klux DeSantis Klan', "I'm just here at CNN's latest video to find out when they will talk about Chris Cuomo's dear brother", 'Wheres fredo ?', 'Meanwhile little to no coverage on the other guy in NYC.', 'Liars', 'you know trump was successful bc these people still talk about him lmaooooooooooo', "WHERE'S FREDO!!🤔", 'CNN can’t get enough of Trump!  They’re OBSESSED!  #TDSSTRONG', 'CUOMO  UPDATE !', 'Drain some Black water and find out how many white marbles aka teeth for your self Ware Jordan keeps his Hippos !', "I endorse Oreo as well. But I'm not claiming I'm responsible for the awesome taste of Oreo🤷\u200d♂️🤷\u200d♀️🤷\u200d♂️🤷\u200d♀️", 'I want to know about Biden and his crime family connections to China. 🤑💸💵 "Now there\'s a real story!"', 'Trash network', 'Hey I heard NY AG held a meeting on Cuomo today', "This was a good breakdown! I'd love to see what the numbers were after covid started, and also post 1/6. I'd be curious to see if either seems to have had a negative effect on his stats.", "Doesn't surprise me that the trumpet is pimping himself.", "Can't........stop........talking......about........Trump", 'Cnn the end .', '*MY 18+ PHOTOS HERE* LIKEME.BABY\n\nHistory: deleted\nPhone: yeeted\nHoly water: needed\nMeat: beated\nТо чувство когда все застыли, а люди сзади идут', 'Main stream media are all fake', 'Volume problem', 'You guys will get over trump huhh🤦🏽\u200d♂️', 'Trump trump trump, does CNN have anything else to say', 'What joke of a human.', "Why do you emphasize that these politicians husband's died of Covid 19 as if it is something to be ashamed about?", 'What about Hunter Bidens dirty little secrets?', "🤢 Double Stuf OREOS?! How can you eat that crap?! That's nothing but sugar! YUCK 🤮", 'Where’s the cuomo videos cnn?', 'Come on for CNN do story about Fredos brother', "Let's do some reporting on little Chris Cuomos brother.", "Let's talk about The dirty little secrets of CUOMO, oops my bad its not a secret any more. 👮 🚔", 'What about Andrew Couma touching Women up', 'There is a reason why Joe Rogan gets more viewers.  No spin, no bull 💩.', 'Trump , why are you still talking about this man.  CNN please talk about real news,  how about all the ways U.S. is being destroyed by this current president and Pelosi the hypocrite, come on CNN!', 'Sooooo you gonna talk abou CUOMO OR NAHHHH', 'Still obsessed with Trump? These people are insane.', 'Andrew cuomo', 'Per Dateline.com  "In primetime, Fox News topped total viewers with 2.12 million, but that was down 34% from a year earlier. MSNBC averaged 1.31 million, down 37%, while CNN posted 856,000, down 43%. In the 25-54 demo, Fox News topped with 330,000, down 36%, followed by CNN with 190,000, down 52%, and MSNBC with 168,000, down 44%."', 'THNKS TO PROJECT VERITAS I DONT TRUST CNN', 'Nothing on Quomo aye?😆😆😆😆😆😆😆', 'This fig is floundering.', "Waiting for you to post Governor Cuomo's ignominies as reported by NY State AG's office to YouTube---lots of dirty little secrets in the Gov.'s office are no longer secrets.  Krissy Cuomo's consultations with the Gov. don't seem to have helped much.", 'Where’s Hunters laptop?', "You still have Trump in your head 😂😂😂😂😂 Stuff going on right now with Cuomo but that we don't gonna talk about ha CNN? 😂😂", "Hay CNN where's hunter? That's the Real news", 'Now everybody can start blaming the Cuomo family for everything', 'Off topic but news You will NOT find here "New York Governor Andrew Cuomo was found to have sexually harassed multiple women, AG Letitia James announced Tuesday morning after a 4-month investigation into the accusations.\r\n\r\nAccording to NY AG Letitia James, Cuomo violated state and federal law."  What ever happened to Matt Gaetz  BS  oh NOTHING it was smoke and mirrors to take the headlines off Cuomo  not that CNN /MSNBC  gave it any  in the first place .', "If I was a Republican candidate for office in 2022, I would run as fast and as far away from 45's endorsement as possible. Recently, the voters vote for whoever 45 doesn't endorse. Look at TX!", "These people want you DEAD if you don't think like they do.", '#TRUMP_2024 \nTRUMP First President that was voted in 3 times.', 'Daily does of orange man bad... pathetic', 'My child will type SNEED', 'Trump 2024', 'Recall CA Gov Newsom!\xa0 Take back California!', "NO WONDER NOBODY'S  WATCHING CNN ANYMORE!!!!!!!!", 'How short is Chris the Fredo Cuomo?', "So, The New York Attorney General concluded the Cuomo investigation by saying that Cuomo violated state and federal law by Sexually harassing women and employees. It's funny seeing the same person that CNN has praised over this past year, commit sexual crimes(and got caught), and then see CNN post about Trump instead of Cuomo. TDS is very real with CNN.", 'Will the Democrats be able to get enough idiots, illegals and dead people to keep control of both Houses in 2022 and to keep control of the White House in 2024, because anyone with any common sense is not going to vote Democrat', 'What about cuomo dirty deeds?????', 'How Much do you hate trump? People :yes', "The 'endorsement' of the first president to be fired by the American people since 1992.", "could someone please explain how the unvaccinated are a threat to the vaccinated? It doesn't make sense to me.", 'Only thing that happens with a Dumpster endorsement is failure, just look at his endorsements of steaks, vodka, water, ad nauseum', 'Funny no story about Cuomo?🤷🏾\u200d♂️', 'Did anyone hear about Andrew Chomo’s news today? 😂🤣😂🤣😅😅', 'Fredo Cuomo!!!', 'lol still going on about trump', 'ATTENTION CNN SHEEP: Trump endorsed candidate wins Ohio primary. MAGA!', 'HEY GUYS! I\'M "WOKE" NOW!! SO EXCITED!! SO, WHO WHO AM I SUPPOSE TO START HATING FIRST? WHITE PEOPLE? TRUMP?  AMERICAN HISTORY? COME ON, GUYS! HELP ME OUT!', 'Andrew Cuomo looks to be in the running for another Emmy for best legal drama', 'anyone else remember the time that hunter committed a felony by lying on a 4473?', 'Trump just can\'t march into a state, set up office, endorse "his" candidate" & pour money into his candidate\'s campaign & expect to win.  There is one thing that Trump doesn\'t realize is that us regular middle income & the less fortunate are who votes for candidates of their choice - not Trump\'s choice. As long as we are free thinking & have the right to vote, no matter who you are, we will vote for who we want & you can\'t buy our votes.  Try as you may, but that is not how it works for us because we are free to do what we want.', 'Cnn needs to stop making stuff up about trump.', 'Came here to see if trump was still the latest topic on cnn....yup still is.', "I don't believe anyone should die because they can't afford Healthcare.\n\nBut with truly free market health insurance an insurance company could charge more if you don't get vaccinated.", "@ CNN\nWhat's new with Cuomo ?", "Where's the Cuomo's?", "Hey let's cover Andrew Cuomo", '"Ratings are in the shitter, make a bunch of segments on trump"', 'CNN makes me laugh and laugh and laugh. Even though I don’t watch it.', 'Who cares anymore??', 'Hey CNN...\n\nSeeing silly and cute little videos like this lowers my expectations of valid new reporting.  The use of pop ups, sound effects is more of a comical cartoonish effect than serious news.  Stop it, you are making a mockery of yourself and any attempt to publish real news.', 'OBSESSED!!!', 'No video on Cuomo?', "Cnn Change name to TDS cause you guys still can't stop talking about him. Wonder why no one trust your news channel", 'Wonder if they ever read the comments section?', 'Trump is going to sue you eventually.  His name is a business ya know.', "I feel sorry for you americans you really are in the dark aren't you.", "BTW,  How's that Biden crime family investigation coming along?", 'Fox news are the only ones reporting news  from both sides! But CNN,NBC,ABC,CBS,BBC,MSNBC ARE HIDING 85 PERCENT OF THE NEWS! SHAMEFUL! YOU MAY HAVE BRAINWASHED HALF THE COUNTRY,BUT IT ALL! YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED', 'GOD bless Trump', "It's a show and it's a nice place to visit sleeping in the venue till they close... \nwhen you are homeless it's a place to go when your homeless buses take you to the POLL. \nYou got to love th'em corporationsss you got take care of who made you now\nif the situation were changed you make them suffer twice as much munch munch!\nIt's just a show like JACKIE MASON a Vaudevillian from long ago - 45 or so -  \nWho'd sacrifice their life for a man who has never worked a day in his life?\nI guess I'll never know the facts, 'calling the kettle black... ack!\nIt's just a show. My life is dumb you know, but so is his - who ever they're -\nsome how I need some certainty that I'll out live!\n\nIf Your Plans Out Trump You - (c)mfg 8/3/2021", 'CNN has Trump on the brain still. Trump2024. ✝️🇺🇸', 'Why does this video have so many likes. Go thru the CNN playlist. This is not normal', 'STILL OBSESSED WITH TRUMP... UNBELIEVABLE!!🤮', 'No report on Cuomo sexually harassing women? Lol Go figure. Hypocrisy at its best.', 'How much do you suppose trump is charging for these endorsements?', 'cnn liars. teeheehee coumo democrat', 'CNN has given more publicity to trump than even his own supporters', 'Ted Koppel was right.', 'When is Chris Cuomo going to be sacked?', 'Cuomo?', 'hey trump trolls.  The reason the news media is still reporting on trump is the same reason that the news media kept reporting on Hitler and nazi atrocities years after WW2.  As Shakespeare says "the evil that men do live long after them."  The best way to get over a traumatic experience is to keep talking about it.  We can not get over it until he faces justice for his crimes.', "Lmao you gotta talk about trump to try to improve ratings so yes trump's endorsements do help. Just saying his name brings views no one knows it better then CNN. They fail in ratings so use trump's name", "Cuomo is the first to fall who's next? I just came here to comment.", "Funny how CNN doesn't want to cover the attorney general's findings on Cuomo's sexual assault findings.....", "From the look of things, It can't be overemphasized that, Cash is thrash! 3 BEST and surprisingly easy ways to double/hold your funds in 2021; Crypto, Real Estates, who can guess the 3rd?", 'How about New Yorks Cuomo? Why keep bashing Trump hes out.', 'Any relavent news about what sippy cup is doing to help the USA. Trump gave at least a interview twice a day. Why do you keep flogging a dead horse.', 'Bet his knee pads are pink', 'Criminal News Network.', "*do you think?...* stupidity can recognize itself?... go team go... sis boom bah... touchdownz... we'ze... wins...", 'Chris....CNN....great supposed facts on endorsements but that is sooo in the past and if the republican party is not so informed...there fault. But let it GO!!! This is so 2020. Want to increase your ratings?....think outside the box and stop focusing on Trump and focus on other insightful journalism.', 'Just here for my daily dose of comedy, brought to me, by CaNoN\'s obsession with "the Don".', "Why are you spending so much time reporting about trump it's not an election year he's not our president and you're wasting time constantly reporting someone who is currently a non factor. This is literally stupid", 'Remember when fakenews CNN was touting Avenatti and Cuomo for President  lol?', 'Any update on Cuomo??????   Nothing CNN?   You report news still or?   Is he resigning?', 'While his brother harasses and gropes woman', '#Cuomosexual', "Don't forget guys, Trump is gonna be back in August 13. If he isn't then they will just push the date back another month or two. Repeat until 2024", 'Keep your eyes on the Arizona forensic election audit results coming soon!!! It will be eye opening!', "Trump finishes 3rd for woat, couldn't even win that!", 'Only a matter amount of time for this company straight into bankruptcy. Enjoy the lawsuits you earned them.', "Should I hold my breath for a video on Cuomo's bad behaviour?", 'Members of CNN will be going to prison.', 'Are we still on the 2016 last time I checked it was 2021. CNN u guys are pothetic.', 'Propaganda Check, - I didn’t get a chance to see the “National Inquirer” this week, So I thought I’d watch them on the station. (Same “Unverified” speculative stories)! Where is Avenatti? “Your next president”, As you were calling him last year. That tune sure did change! You know how foolish that made you look? But you don’t care, because you’re a Democrat. And Democrats are “and accountable” for anything they do.', 'Trumps dirty little secret he had ivanka before jared did.', 'I really don’t know why it’s such a shocker that Trump is stronger in primaries vs general elections because Trump is more popular among republican primary voters than voters overall.', 'DRUMPF', "I don't agree with some of President Joe Biden's policies.\n\nBut yes I believe he cares.\n\nPlease care about me.", "He's been gone since Jan but CNN just can't let him go :)", 'Why are the left backed by the most wealthy companies in America? Because we kno the elite rich can be trusted obviously', "Can't wait to see how Fredo handles the news about his brother.  Any bets CNN will blame Trump?", "Cnn are dead without trump, just imagine thinking I'll watch cnn to see what's really going on. I can trust them.", 'Boy I never thought I’d say this but we miss you trump…', 'I hope Trump is indicted on something. Then convicted. That will open the door for DeSantis. Then TDS will have no host.', 'Why are we still talking about Trump….. how about we talk about the hypocrisy going on right now surrounding the China virus!  Come on CNN please report on real news….', 'If you are still believing the lies from media outlets like CNN or goons like this, it’s your own fault.', 'the dirty underwear or dirty minds', 'I feel like if trump endorsed someone I know it’s racist and something I know is bad', 'This is stoopid.', 'Trump Trump trump Trump drip drip drip drip. Distraction distraction. All Eyes on Arizona', 'CNN still at it with its lies.', 'Stop communism !', 'I wish I could get as much free media time as Trump...', 'MAGA', 'The Gig is up folks ! Your about to all be out of work 👍God Wins every time 🙏', 'What a waste of my time.', 'Regular oreos are way better', 'No one cares anymore', 'If any candidate seeks or receives Trump endorsement, they have pegged themselves and deserve to lose. Corruption has no place in America.', 'Billionaire coming into office, yet these senators who make 175,000 a year have over 50 million. Who should we be more worried about. The swamp is real in Washington.', 'Typical CNN, publishing this nonsense and not covering the Cuomo harassment report just released by the NY AG. Every other news outlet had this live.', 'So all the news today about Gov Cuomo and CNN puts out yet another story about Trump.  I guess little brother Chris will probably have the night off', 'Hunters lab top moron ..', 'Political bias in reporting is propaganda.', 'I would rather hear about The dirty little secret of CNN’s connection with the CCP.', 'Rent free', 'Corrupt News Network', "CNN can't get off Trump. How about you cover something relevant like Governor Cumo he is a real upstanding democrat helping out the great people of New York. when he is not  violating  them and killing elderly. Yet this guy is still in office.", 'This is a good story. Another Trump story bla bla…I can’t wait for Cuomos show tonight.', 'joe is incoherent.', 'Can’t get any views without Trump’s name in the title, eh? 🤣. Keep reaching CNN', 'Oreos are nothing but cheap chocolate and nasty ass palm oil. You can keep it.', "You can't forget about Trump....🤣", "I came to see CNNs view on Cuomo. Sadly i see nothing but Trump bashing. Whilst i'm here who killed Ashli Babbit and why the secrecy?", 'CNN will be the laughingstock tonight on PRIMETIME 😂😂😂😂', 'I know a little secret about Andrew Cuomo 😂', 'Trump won!', "With the way your democratic party is burning to the ground...you still want to put the word Trump in your titles huh. It's all you have left isn't it CNN.", '“President Trump Still Terrifies the Mainstream Media.”\n\nI fixed the title for you. 😎', 'Yo Fredo, what happened to your brother?', "Like higher fuel costs? Thank a F 'ing socialist democrat voter!", 'Bring trump back maga', "Fredo's brother has a lot of dirty little secrets.", 'TRUMP 2024!!!', "Not one story not one about fredo's brother...wow..still on trump..\nCNN PROPAGANDA", 'Troll/bot farmers of the Trump/Russo alliance are here!', 'Tump is still keeping MSM lights on 😞', "DAMN!!! CNN you still can't stop talking about Trump Huh.. Get over it already 😂😂", "CNN is like that obsessed manipulative crazy ex that just won't let you live your life in peace.", 'There were two more special elections in 2021 than the two you count. Remember... in Georgia? Trump endorsed the losers.', 'Fake news', 'The tds is pretty bad with cnn they can’t seem to get over trump 😂', 'Stop calling him a "billionaire businessman".  He is neither.', 'Your point was that Trumps endorsement works an overwhelming amount of the time and the one time his endorsed candidate didn’t win, a Republican did? You understand that keeping Republicans in offices around the country is truly what we Republicans actually do consider a win? We are fighting to keep the country from the clutches of socialism, any win for us is a good win.', "Why is CNN still talking about Trump every hour of every day half a year after Trump isn't even president anymore? Is it because they know their 5k viewers a week would leave?", "Imagine thinking it would be an advantage to have the world's biggest liar endorsing you. Strange times we live in.", 'okay? alright? guys... guys.... okay??? alright??? okay.\tvote my president donald trump\t|', 'Obsessed much if your not Talking Trump you Have nothing Cnn how pathetic', 'Trump single handedly lost the Senate', 'Is CNN a YouTuber now?', 'Trump endorses only the people he KNOWS he can dupe & manipulate & grift from or do his dirty work!  His base is #1. The GOP is #2!', "#LOL you guys can't give up talking about #Trump .  Don't worry very soon you will be able to talk about him all the time again :-)", 'A Trump endorsement or as it is usually called _the kiss of death_ .', 'We 75 million US citizens who VOTED for president Trump on November 3rd RIGGED ELECTION stand by him UNCONDITIONALLY!!!', 'Russpublicans are all over this one.', 'Fake news and we all know it', 'Andrew Cuomo is guilty but for some reason CNN is not running that they are running Trump stories 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 stop it CNN', 'I think you should watch Mark Levin', 'Cuomo ??', 'Lies! Nothing but bs lies! This is comedic', 'This just in Breaking News! "CNN goes right back to Trump, after Cuomo sexual misconducts happen" This is why CNN needs to go bankrupt, its all fake news.', 'Great video to cover up the governor Cuomo situation that’s breaking news. Bravo cnn for once again covering up actual news.', "Damn, we are in the middle of Covid and all CNN can talk about is Trump?  I guess when you don't have any journalists,  you have to resort to  something you've done for several years.", "Let's hear from Fredo re: The Groping Ghoul Gov!", 'Bottom line. Trump won', 'What’s deeply disturbing is you are not reporting the real news today\nHow about the sexual misconduct \nCase of Gov Cuomo?????', 'Living in the idiots minds rent free even after losing the election months ago. Pretty sad.', 'Crickets on CNN about the announcement by the NY AG about Governor Cuomo??? Now if we could get rid of his brother Chris Cuomo who is just as toxic', 'What about the Cuomo crime family?', '"CNN won\'t stop talking about Trump, he doesn\'t matter" LMAO I wish, but Donald Chump unfortunately still wields some influence over the republicans. CNN\'s ratings probably do suck, but that point is stupid.', 'I wonder what Republicans of the 1950s (when Eisenhower and the polio vaccine were in the news) would think if they knew it would become the party of Trumpism and the Antivaxers.', 'These clowns are still talking about Trump, it is unbelievable.', 'Breaking News … Andrew the Groper of New York Cuomo Is going down! CNN’s Golden boy 😂😂😂😂', "CNN you've been exposed your days are numbered", 'What about a story on Governor Cuomo? LMAO', 'Yet Trump still draws crowds that are hundreds of times larger than what cognitively challenged Joe can drum up.', 'CNN plummets.', "The normal 1.3k or so Trump swarm in dislikes. Can't decide if it's a bunch of butthurt Trumpists or a bunch of bots. I see this in a select amount of videos.", 'Ok cnn keep brainwashing these poor innocent ppl', 'Fake news', 'can we have a report on Andrew Cuomo and the sexual harassment report please', 'Everyone knows it was Stolen 👈', 'TRUMP THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER', 'Hey do a segment on dirty little family Coumo secrets.', 'Cuomo news ????', 'Funny how you keep talking about Donald Trump but not a mention about Cuomo 🤣🤣🤣. Americq knows where your priorities are. No wonder your ratings have recently collapsed.', 'Liesssss', 'Fredo! I know it was you!', 'What about Roy Moore', 'Kelly Loeffler lost too', 'Lol\nHe is not your president now..\nTalk about present president .'], ['He is survived by a beautiful wife who is an excellent representative of him.', "His own security probably stood down or even turned on him that's what happened to his security Force", 'Idk but why has no one asked why her story and the torture of his body dont line up 🤷🏽\u200d♂️ she laughed quiet a bit for someone "mourning" 😂', 'It’s very sad that this had to happened like this but it sounds like to me the security had to be paid to leave there post money talks.', "She's so naturally beautiful.  This was a set up.  Haiti is and has been a mess.  Sending prayers.", 'Why would trained assassins leave her or the children alive?', '"We are married for better or worse, and even in the grave" THAT IS true love looking death in the face and thinking that 👏👏', 'The security guards are to be held accountable for their actions. They were assigned for a specific duty  to protect the President.', 'SHE IS IN ON THIS,, SHE WANTS POWER.. OVER A MAN.. THIS CAME ABOUT BECAUSE OF PHARMA,, HE DID NOT GO FOR PHARMAS ADVANCES..', 'Don’t believe her she seem to calm if they went in there and seen her there and killed her husband I don’t think they would of just leave and leave her alive is not clear', '"Several minutes later..." that\'s a lot of  time to hide in a "safe room" unless there wasn\'t one. If there wasn\'t one then that\'s terrible security.', 'Poor wife she’s gonna be traumatized her whole life along with her kids. It was clearly an inside job 🥺', 'Stories doesnt add up. Mercenaries that work so much just to get into building but did sloppy job on the killing and evidence.', 'She’s strong , bless her heart. Must be so heartbreaking experience', 'I’m sorry but she knew something!!! Trust and believe', "Detective 101: the spouse is always a person of interest, especially if they're unhurt.", 'She’s a very courageous woman for interviewing. I hope she remains alive to get justice for her husbands death.', "She's Beautiful, her skin is like silk.😍 However, there's more to this story...there's larger/prominent actors at play, this is deeper than the surface🧐🤔🧐", "The security team acted like my wife's pants last Sunday after we ate at Golden Corral......THEY SPLIT", 'What has she done for Haiti?\nBesides allowing her people to bake and eat mudcakes while she lives in Mansions.', 'She is beautiful I pray 🙏🏾 God’s protection over her.', 'Shes so beautiful 😍 naturally gorgeous black woman \U0001f90c🏼 Bèl fanm kreyòl 🥰', 'This news story is so incomplete.  They didn’t talk about how the country is in political turmoil and that president who was assassinated was extremely unpopular, corrupt, did terrible deeds against his people, etc.  They also didn’t mention how the men suspected of the presidents’ murder were also shot and killed.  Haiti is an absolute mess and I am so sorry for what his wife and all the citizens have gone through.', '“We agreed not to disclose the location” \n5 minutes later \nMatt rivers cnn Miami Lmfaoo', "Looks like she's still in shock and I can see the PTSD in her eyes, the mind is a powerful tool that blocks emotions/memories for a little while to preserve itself and spare you the pain.", '"An attacker got on the phone."  Maybe, we can start by checking call logs.', 'i feel sorry for what happened to her and her family, because loss is heartbreaking no matter the circumstances. but how could she not know there was such hatred and anger fomenting in haiti surrounding accusations of corruption among other things? if the people are not happy (secure, well cared for, given opportunities), then the leaders are not safe.', 'Are we forgetting that this man was holding on to power illegally and also accused of crimes against his people.', 'I actually cried at the end of this interview. We are close to the end of the world. May God have mercy on all of us. Our governments our evil. This woman is so strong', "I couldn't imagine being her. My anxiety would give me a heart attack. Like she said, she's not supposed to be alive. Extraordinary circumstance. I wish her and her family well.", 'My heart goes out to her she’s beautiful and blessed', "A lot about this story doesn't add up in my head.", "I'm confused. Thought they said she died. Happy she's okay.", "It's sad I blame the security definitely. It shouldn't been that easy to get through his compound. Him being the president he should've been well protected.", '"Tall, Skinny & Black" that\'s a sufficient description in HAITI!?👀', 'Classy lady. Poised and beautiful. She fit the role of a First Lady. I hope she gets justice. You can sense her grief and disappointment in the so called investigation.', 'SO we’re gonna take down this high profile,public target , but let’s not bother with the description until the last second. Yea ok.', "This story makes no sense in every way. I'm happy she is alive to tell the tale but it's absurb to believe she was saved by simply playing dead. Only time will reveal the deep twisted truth.", 'May her husband "Rest in Peace" and may the person or persons responsible for this crime be brought to justice. You are in my thoughts and prayers "First Lady".', 'I can’t imagine being widowed myself. I would mourn myself to skin and bones.', 'When u and ur kids were enjoying, u expected the security to die protecting u. I hate violence and that is to say I am not happy about it but u see how black leaders and their families do not care about us the ordinary people. Now the violence that the leaders turned a blind eye to because it never affected them, they brought that something to ur door and u are here crying for justice. What about those who died. His time was off but he refused to stepped down yet u also enjoyed being a first lady because u were enjoying at the expense of the tax payers. Now it happened to u and u are crying for justice. The same justice system ur husband collapsed. It\'s so sad .I am not from Haiti but it\'s sad how people talk ill about that great nation.even a well known leader spoke it of That beloved country that "all Haitians knew best was vudu and sex". Alot of natural disasters and still black leaders don\'t have love for their country. It\'s sad. Very very sad. U even acknowledged that he had haters so why not ask him to amend his ways yet u kept mute cos u were enjoying money and power. Little did u know that when u push the poor man to the extent that he feels there is no need to live, that is so risky because they don\'t value their lives anymore and are prepared to take up something more than we could think of. God help u . It\'s sad how their kids get the best of education and everything outside in the whiteman\'s land and at times even becomes citizens of that country. When they want power,they then come and steal from the poor. God have mercy. My heart even bleeds for black countries in the world', 'They said they wouldn’t say where they’re located but he just ended it with “Miami” 🤔🙃🤦🏾\u200d♂️', 'The question I have is why were there Americans who were ex government employees involved in his killing??', "This was a setup/inside job. Considering there was DEA and Colombian presence, you can do the math on who's responsible", 'A dozen guards at their compound and they were no were to be found nor were any of them injured.  Stevie Wonder can see this was a set up and they were paid off or involved.', 'This women is extremely elegant a true lady!!', 'A Queen in her own right!👑 I not only bow to you, but extend my deepest condolences and apologies for what you are going through, my dear First Lady Haiti. God bless you and your country. We love you all. ✊🏾❤️ 🇭🇹', 'The guards were most likely payed off hopefully that country can get it together a little bit', 'The security guards never did their jobs to protect her and her husband.', 'The guards committed treason against their nation and every last one that should have been at the compound should be held accountable.', 'As a jamaican living in the same household with Haitian.. it was painful to witness my adopted family in tears about this.. I did more research and understand why.. its quite sad..', '“He was tall, skinny and black” Uh was that descriptive enough for Haiti?', "As she was shot first, wonder what her husband's reaction was during those few mns while they were searching for that item they found than killed her husband.", 'I feel for her. I hope they find who did this so she can find peace. God bless!', 'There was supposed to be a security supervisor on premises .  What happened to him?  And they were supposed to be licensed.  Why can’t the Haitian government investigate that?', 'The team of the security are the major suspect and if handle with intelligence,they know about the plan,how can all be missing in the middle of the night ?', 'A well calculated move, the president security were not around when the killers arrived, this sounds weird.', 'Dude said he wasn’t disclosing her location but then at the end he said reporting from “Miami” 😂😂😂', 'CNN paid big for that exclusive interview, and still a poor job in my opinion.', "She's so naturally beautiful", "There's a whole lot about this that doesn't smell right. 🤔", 'The head of security was bought-off, or was a plant.', 'She smiling because she did it', "Damn... imagine what could've happened 8f the security dropped the ball at the capital", 'The police commissioner & head of intelligence must be brought to book! God heal Haiti 🇭🇹', 'Question those guards that were suppose to protect her and her husband. I pray that The Most High will reveal the devils', 'It is deplorable the why he died - that’s not excusable, but Moise a dictator to be…why don’t you interview the Haitian people who he was oppressing', 'So sad may his soul rest in peace. 🕊️', "Hit men knew exactly what they were looking for.  A stranger or enemy wouldn't know what was inside the house.", 'She is clearly telling us the HAITIAN POLICE/GUARDS were involved!', 'Whether he was fair or corrupt, I feel her pain. No one should witness your love to be murdered. This poor woman, I hope she re builds her life\n\nLet’s see if Bolsonaro will come next.', 'M sure there is a housekeeper somewhere that heard or saw something. The rabbit hole may go deeper than this.', 'she smirks..and laughs..inside job if you ask me, check her phone and her whereabouts weeks before', 'No she didn’t. CNN translate for us. Let her speak then translate. This was no interview. We not stupid. 🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹', 'Where was there security, how did they get in so fast and no security at all.', "The blatant disrespect & disregard for everyone's  intelligence adds insult to injury/death. It wasn't just _one guard who stepped away to the bathroom. An entire group of guards were M.I.A. when a whole hit squad rolled up. Are we expected to believe that this was a perfect storm?", "What is this obsession with the US people? She wants complicit people to investigate themselves? Doesn't she feel it gives them a good chance  to conceal further any traces of links to the true masterminds? \nAstounding ignorance", 'Shame in CNN for doing this interview with a heart broken widow. Should have waited for at least an year to passby', 'I was always against nepotism in Recruitment but after watched this video, I  respect the African leaders who make their cousins the generals and top security officers .', "She's so beautiful. . .", 'No tears, & smiling.....\nWake up people ⚠️🚫', 'This breaks my hearttttt ! I hope to one day work at job that I can help . I’m praying for you love ! And kids', 'We will never know the truth…simple as that..', '"The level of hate." Great words!', 'She handled the situation with grace and poise perfect example of a lady', 'She had a lot to say. I’d like to see the whole interview. Only a few sound bites here', "She's making a heck of a lot of sense. Where were the guards?", '(1)she was not a target and or (2) she was a part of his killing, one bullet to the arm, commandos know it you need to be dead, you get shot many times chest and head so hmm we wait to hear the REAL  truth', 'Sketchy, sketchy, SKETCHY.🧐 They have been screaming for the U.S. to get involved since the beginning. This is Haiti’s Internal Issues.🎓💯 Why are you calling for a Foreign Government to be involved with the inner workings of YOUR government!? You guys are suppose to settle this.🙅🏾\u200d♂️', "Those security guards! Something's fishy about them. I hope they freeze all accounts and demand that they return any money received as pay to protect the president because they failed to do so.", '"The attacker got on the phome and asked what he looked like" so the attacker went on a mission and didn\'t have an idea of the person he was going to execute ? So what if the person on the other line told him the president was old and white ? (Lol) Would his life be spared ?.', 'Why is the reporter telling us how she feels about the investigation and whi she want to investigate? This looks really fowl and suspect!', "I'm sure my country had absolutely nothing to do with this 😂", 'whenever there is a hit, the guards are the first to be bought off.', 'She is so strong, bless her ❤️', 'When I heard this, the first thing that came to my mind was where was his security? His security team needs to be held accountable.', 'God please protect this beautiful Queen', "She's down with the plot too", "That's sad when you have to have outside help because you don't trust your own police force", "i wouldn't feel safe or comfortable with any security or police out there if i was her", 'The First Lady wants foreign investigators to ramp up the search for those who ordered the killing. Imagine if it was the foreigners all along!!!', 'I don’t believe her story something fishy', "I'm asking a question is non of the security guards died ?", 'What where they looking for that he had at his home ? Big Question', 'If he doesn’t do his job accordingly what he said but it unnecessary to take his life .  It looks like inside job . We want see the justice and justice will be prevail.', 'Damn, this lady is tough.', 'Classy lady. Poised and beautiful. She fit the role of a First Lady. I hope she gets justice. You can sense her grief and disappointment in the so called investigation.', 'His security should be questioned', 'she is a trip', 'There is no way, this would have happened, unless, presidents, immediate security detail, is behind it. Inside job, and most likey, politically motivated', 'Goddess I pray you a successful recovery! The god in us won’t allow ourselves to be defeated! This broke my heart even more. Didn’t even think about his family at first. Just so sad Man. I truly feel they get a kick out of reporting on bs like this. So so sad! They not playing with them white folk. Smh', "those were professional commando assassins   if they wanted the first lady dead she would be dead. she  wasn't their target", 'Failed to complete the mission now the hit goes back on the hitmans the consequences of failing to complete the mission 🤷🏽\u200d♂️🤦🏾\u200d♂️ #ripPrez', 'John 14:27\nPeace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.', 'Lots of things do not add up here, from the Presidential Security to the assailants.\nSecurity is no where to be found and based on this story the assailants did not know what he looked like and had to confirm it was him before killing him. Local assailants would obviously know him and foreign assailants would have at least had a briefing before their mission. So i do not see why they had to confirm it was him', "Why she doesn't want to talk to the Haitian press? Just confused!", 'He was either into something dirty or he had something that could have gotten someone In trouble. Either way my heart goes out to her.', 'My heart beats fast,seen a beautiful woman in pains', 'I dont want to say it but i have to..she was in on it her non-fatal wound was a part of the act ...Her saying she doesnt know what they are looking for is BS married first lady to the president i really doubt she didnt know wat they wanted or its a complete lie..and for so much trauma she witnessed she seem too calm too unmoved....do you really think multiple killers would leave her alive?  So wen she got shot this woman was just silent and motionless so they thought she was dead? its one of those you must look like a victim too situations...her reward for her part in this scheme was her LIFE ....she doesnt know what they were looking for but yet they found it in your room..a place extremely personal to you and husband but you dont know what they were looking for it had to be something of extreme value why was it not hidden or in a safe its just in the room amd you dont know about it  .her story is vague and overall says "im a victim i didnt see anything"  which eliminates her for now saying they were tryna find something just seems like a lie to hide the real motive..he was killed for other reasons.Automatic weapons guys on a mission to kill..you get shot in the arm just once and they just leave you alone??? Makes zero sense!! If they aimed at you and shot they had intentions to kill you you wouldnt be alive the odds were heavily against you both you would of been shot multiple times to confirm your death and not just in the arm sis & you made it a point to say you got shot first and u were pretending to be dead that really covers your ass because now your shot and didnt see a thing or know what went on so when your questioned theres no detail you can account for .wow', 'I could’ve sworn they said she died at the hospital?', "She looking real Sus right now. A CNN interview? Wanna explain the half million Covid Vax doses delivered by US military escort after YOUR HUSBAND said y'all neither needed, nor wanted it?", 'This is strange as hell', 'Still my condolence, dear, cheer up, ok .Any one involved in this capricious act will be hold accountable,  God be with you', 'Man I  cried, what human beings have to go through. This life', 'My question is, what about families of the victims of state brutality. Those who were killed by the state. We hardly hear anything about them', 'I watchED  deeply her herbody language eyes and shoulder and all her movement the whole interview. When the reporter asked her, you saw your husband he is dead did you said something to him? Answering that question, she did not show any emotion or feeling to remember that moment the situation, look her lips and head movement. no feelings at all, they have to investigate her too. Watch her when she is answering those questions from minutes (2:25 4:47.) the reporter has more feelings and emotions then her.', "Asking U.S for help when they were the ones on the other end of the Phone line, giving the orders. Born & raised in the States, they despise us haitians. See how they push the shot in the island now, After they took out one who said we Don't need it.", 'She is a beautiful woman with a beautiful soul. I grieve for her and their children. \nSomeone or persons who were supposed to protect the president was in on it because of whatever they were looking for and found.', 'It’s too soon to discuss what happened. She should be in hiding.', "In movies, assassin's never leave ANYBODY alive. If you're shot with an automatic weapon at close range, at the very least you will be howling in pain .... There's NO WAY you can pretend to be dead🤔", 'Jesus help her comfort her heart ❤ \nGive her peace and solve this in Jesus mighty powerful holy name amen 🙏', 'This  is horrific Lord be with this woman I was just in shock rip to her and the family Lord help her get the answer she needs to calm her spirit some even though all is painful', "I'm here to see her GORGEOUS self speak OMGGGGG ❤️❤️❤️", 'She looks like a strong willed woman I can see a why someone who would become president could choose a woman like this', "I understand her fear, but I don't think they want her dead. If so, she would have died in the same night. Now, if she plans on becoming political, and tries to takeover where her husband left off, then that may be cause for concern. Otherwise I doubt it. What would be the motivation?", 'She’s asking for the fox to save the chickens lol\nThe US knows everything that happened', 'My heart hurts for her because of what she went through. The thought of being a first lady of a nation scares me.', "Smh.. That's crazy what happened to her and she is right bout the guards. The guards were definitely paid off to turn look the other way.", 'They tried to kill them she’s brave talking to them', 'The only people who knew where they were was his security detail n her..the person u least expect is the culprit.. Dont trust anyone', '*Kenya we watching you* 🇰🇪🇰🇪', 'Our prayers are with you and your family, stay strong and stay safe.', 'Tbh I feel like the security guards were paid off by the shooters.', "How come they didn't have an interpreter who speaks both Creole and English during that interview? Come on CNN, you should know better.", "This woman is dodge to me. Don't believe her nor do I trust her. If those guys are professional as they say she won't be alive , this woman might have set the whole thing up", 'She speaks English but when describing what happens they got a voice over hmmm I call bullshit', 'Sounds to me like she was totally tone deaf to the civil war brewing in her own country', 'Will pray for her🙏🏾❤', 'The security guards was in on the hit. Aduhhh!!!!!!!', 'This is so sad! My Condolences to the First Lady and Family!', "Really, I hope you didn't disclose her location by accident just now , trying to report out 🤦🏾\u200d♂️", "If the president can get assassinated like that, then who's safe?", "She's so pretty 😍", 'Matt Rivers can get my cookies...as long as he brings his milk, and my cookies are damn good baby. 💖💕✨', 'God is in charge.', 'Praying for her 🙏 how sad.', 'His security should be questioned', 'She lied he was tortured', 'Gorgeous gorgeous lady. Such an amazing representation of the Haitian woman. I hope she receives her justice.', 'What a beautiful lady! My condolences to her and family. I totally agree with her. Even with all his enemies, but it was someone that was VERY close to the President that had him killed. Everyone is a suspect. It is always the ones that we fed, allow shelter, and or work for us that will plot and kill us.. God cover you for a reason. You got to fight even harder than he did. You are his voice. God bless you, and I hope you get a conviction, justice and God gives you and your family comfort and peace. 😥😥❤️❤️', 'The report said the president was tortured.  Was she in the room when this was going on.', 'This makes Chicago look safe', 'May his Soul rest internal peace', 'Beautiful woman; I hope she gets justice.', "What a courageous woman strong I'm sorry for your loss 😢", 'I’m praying that she didn’t get rapped in front of her husband’s eyes. She would never revealed it. Gangsters in Haiti are good at that.', 'Why they acting like her husband is a victim?', 'What ever papers Jovelle Moise had in that room is what got him killed. His security team let  those people in. I do believe that they was two groups in that room mercenaries and some others that did the killing.', 'What the hell did the guy have hiding?!? I hope this isn’t a conspiracy they had', 'All we need is justice ✊🏽for the president 💔🇭🇹😔', 'This sounds like a movie', 'Rest In Peace to her significant other and hopefully, she will heal in peace...👍😶', 'She’s probably involved in this', 'Shot on her arm? She set him up or was bought', 'one day this can happen in america when polarisation continues and gains enough strength', "*LET'S STOP PLAYN WE ALL KNOW WHAT THIS IS AND WAS ABOUT RIP WE MUST DO BETTER*", 'She’s beautiful I hope they catch those evil devils and wish her all the best', 'So the killers had to call someone to confirm the president of a country?', 'She’s gorgeous', 'Her husband is now back with the Lord 🙏', 'Prayers up for the family 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽', 'Some of these comments suggesting suspicion on the wife\'s part or that the President must have been "up to something." Such negative comments based on absolutely nothing. No facts. No evidence. This woman has lost her husband in a brutal attack that she witnessed, and could have died herself. Many Blessings of Strength and Healing to her, her Family and to the people of Haiti.', "I learned the former president literally amended the constitution to allow him rule further even though his term expired. If that's actually the case, then he contributed to this whole caboodle.", '🤔🤔🤔she\'s afraid for her life but came back to Haiti before a full recovery and with the company of the guy that is "part of the plan" 🙄🙄🙄 sure sure sure', 'He probably was not down with satins nwo so the 1 percent took him out 💯', 'Very Odd she still alive,very odd they just shot her in the arm and thought she was dead!? She doesn’t seem that sad but who knows I can be wrong people Grieve differently, just that one vibe this is bs still there though', 'Wait A Minute I Thought Yall Said She Died Too', 'Happy she is alive.', 'I wonder if she set him up because they left her with too much information', 'Beautiful and resilient lady!', "The Haitian government should build a secret bunker for it's next president.", 'It was clearly an inside job.', 'They knew she wasn’t dead .. everybody that was apart of it was trained.', 'Just like the January 6th insurrection, all the foot soldiers got arrested but none of the men in the shadows who gave the orders.', 'she is smiling and laughing', 'Why did all the security guards deserted their post? Same almost happen to Obama', 'A totally setup and I hope they catch the bigger fish who sent the hit out👈', 'Where was the Presidential guard and the whole army!!', '"Is he black and skinny?"  We know Haiti is a black country so wth will ask if the president is black? You already  know the answer', 'It was a hard wallet with a ton of Bitcoin and Ethereum they found it', 'Do mercenaries leave survivors?', 'This was an inside Hit', 'R.I.P. prayers for family and the Good friends', 'What they were looking 4 was him, when they said we found it', 'Hello y’all; I encourage everyone to double down and go all in on the new robinhood stock (Hood); we can get a good return and windfall it can be our hay day. I appreciate the good work y’all do and have a wonderful day!', 'I hope, she gets justice for her Husband. At the end the true always revealed.', 'they asking u.s to investigate when they might be involved or had something to do with it', 'This country  🇭🇹 Needs help professional help', 'Hmm strange there was so much gunfire but she only ended up with injuries to her arm, and he wasn’t hit at first.  Have they ruled her out as a co-conspirator?', 'Condolences to you and your family for this tragedy.', 'My condolences 💐 to the family an friends of the late president… especially to his wife🙏', 'The interviewer is making it seem like the President was killed by political enemies.  But the hit men were searching for a specific object in the house.  Political enemies would not know what is inside the house.', 'The first  supects should  be the C. I. A. U.S. involvement.', 'she speaks perfect english, yet cnn chose to mutemost of her interview and narrate....hmmmm', 'Someone with a lot of money ordered this hit if they have already arrested 40 people. Follow the money.', 'This is extremely sad, she will recover from her physical injuries but mentally she has a long battle ahead of her.', 'We know who killed that man! Think about this Haiti fought back and won! The US hated Haiti every since. The US still big mad. Let’s not play dumb!', 'That’s supposed international level investigation but not only us suppose involved add france Canada Brasil china and haiti Need Biden help if not Haitian people will not vote for him as last election', 'Plot twist, she set him up 😳….', '"When you saw he was dead did you say anything to him?" 🤔', '<insert comment about her looks>\n<insert comment about how this was an inside job>', 'What if the mastermind behind this tragic event is the same as the mastermind behind every other assassination since the assassination of JFK November 22,1963?', 'The strength of a Sista, may God protect her', 'They let you live', 'She is supposed to have security. She the first lady. Having the UN investigate might be the best bet. But whomever wanted him dead may be connected with them as well', 'One of the reasons why leaders hand pick their inner security detail.', 'Can you ask the real questions?? Like how can the men be allowed into the building and get pass security??', 'You have never thought that level of hate in Haiti exist for real!! What"s about gang issues, kidnapping every day in that country . It\'s call HATE !!!', 'Why am I not feeling anything for her', "Such a beautiful woman of strength and courage !  Just an inside job, unbelievable.   She should b scared of her security bc they miserably failed them and should b replaced or fired.  Why isn't the world leaders outraged?", 'Prayers from Houston texas to Haiti', 'I Never This Assassination in My Life!', 'She doesn’t know what they found in her own house ???', "So how they got her talking about what happened to her husband 🤔 SMH something isn't right", 'Jesus love you, he died on the cross for you, accept him as your lord and savior he can change everything. For God so loved the world that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life" (Jn 3:16"\n\nBut you must repent too. From that time Jesus went about preaching and saying, Let your hearts be turned from sin, for the kingdom of heaven is near. (Matthew 4:17)', "She's a strong woman. ..but why is she smiling tha much?", 'Why were the bodyguards not injured and killed.\nwas it a inside job??', 'This woman is very intelligent. Her observation and theory of what actually happened is dead on!👍🏿', 'Kanye is a genius. Respect the man.', 'How they went from beating  the French with nothing to this. Voodoo real not dark it’s all  nature. And we get what we put out don’t matter what you believe. Even our thoughts are heard', 'Conspiracy  so sad how they were betrayed.  God protect and keep her🙏🙏🙏', 'Supposedly everything is fake and she was having an affair she was behind everything, it was staged.', 'The security is def involved.  Truly tragic and heinous to resort to this to settle a problem.', 'Oh God ouff everytime i watch news about assasination of my president Jovenel moise my heart breaking again and again and again', 'She is right, those politicians and oligarchs are very wealthy in Haiti and so they are powerful, many investigators  are in hiding because they were threatened and now fear for their life, we need the UN who has no fear to do an investigation, we need Justice', 'She’s asking the US to investigate the murder, I mean come on now!! As if they don’t already know who did it', "I'm not going lie. I had to do a double take when she started speaking english better than most americans", 'What will happen to these derelict security guards?', 'Stay strong 1st lady .. prayers for a speedy recovery! Condolences to you and your family!', "He indeed had a lot of supporters but there was also an awful lot of people who hated him and was upset that he had not left office after his term ended.  Haiti is a poor country and unfortunately, it seems like his guards may have chosen money and their life versus saving the President and First Lady's life, luckily she survived.  I doubt there will be justice.", 'They captured the people that pulled the trigger.  You think the people who paid and ordered the hit was not arrested... laughing NO.\nJust saying...something is really WRONG.  Her truth will never truly be found out—-Matt Rivers, CNN. WOW!', 'Jesus loves you and wants to begin a relationship with you irrespective of your past and irrespective of what you are going through. John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life. Inorder for you to enter into a relationship with him all you need is say this prayer sincerely with me. O Lord have mercy upon me where i have sinned against you in my thoughts and deeds. Please wash me in your precious blood. Please come into my heart and write me my name in the book of life. Start reading the Bible. Ask the holyspirit to lead you to where you can continually be filled with the word inorder to enable you to grow. Just as a baby needs milk to grow so do you need the word of God inorder to grow....', 'There’s no way a sitting President should be murdered at all, cause they’re the most protected individual in the entire country. It was an inside job at it finest with all the technology we got in this world wow!!', "It was a coup. That word isn't being used.", 'Very sad. There is nothing hidden in the eyes of the Lord. You kill by the sword you die by the sword. May his soul rest in peace and Holy Spirit continue to comfort his Wife and family.', 'This is simple. Who in his crew stood to gain from his demise?  The order for his guards to stand down didn’t come from strangers. It came from their command structure.', 'Wow so beautiful and sad 🙏🏾', 'His questions are questionable cause its common sense her life is still in jeopardy and the conspirators are not all arrested.', 'shes alive🤔 they thought she was dead 🤥ok🤫', 'May God bless you, First Lady!', "Begin by tracing the phone call made from the President's bedroom to the person who confirm the President's description.", 'why would you ask U.S. to investigate when they allready know what happend lool', 'Back in my country if a bank is robbed the first guys to be held are security guards, what about a president being assassinated in his mansion and yet the security are still not held up for questions?', 'That was hit  job...no dought these govements are dirty dirty dirty', 'This interviewer is so bad it’s hilarious', 'Crazy… set up for sure.', "We keep you and your family's in prayer", 'CIA ak FBI dwe jwenn mastermind ki deye assassination prezidan Jovenel. Paske Haiti nan zone inflyence ameriken.', 'Its amazing she is still alive.. mercenaries rarely miss. and they are sure to do a shot to the head to make sure their job is completed', 'They know who all are involve!', 'This amazing woman should take over that corrupt country 👏 some people make 25 millon a month there some make 1$ a day this is North America', 'Not a single dozen security guard present or injured? Not they MIA?Hmmmmmmmm. BLESS HER🖤', 'Great interview this is the first', 'She is so calm i like her composure.', 'So the Haitian president was against vaccines?? Didn\'t the Tanzanian president also die mysteriously after he refused to have his people vaccinated? \n\nIn Tanzania they killed the man silently in the name of "he was ill".... since it was a peaceful Swahili nation....\n In Haiti they had him gunned down to cover up since there has been political issues....\nThere is more to this. But the most beautiful thing is God knows.... He sees everything', 'So WHY was the interview PART creole part ENGLISH? she seems to speak English FLUENTLY. U cant TRUST these interpretations/captions🤔', 'Shes absolutely gorgeous', 'The security guards were paid very well!!! Trust that!', 'No love, you are supposed to lived, I been praying and grieving for you,  I love you all.  😙😔🥺.. I am with you, be patient with me, I understand,  we all are being attack.. rest in God peace and love . This is why the sword coming.. they know. Just stay silent for  now..', 'Think twice before you trust her. Remember about eve guys in garden', 'I sincerely feel sorry for this woman. She will live with this horrific tragedy until she die. My assumption. The security guards were paid off by a handsome sum. 😡🤦🏾\u200d♂️. My condolences to her. 🙏🏾', 'Please keep her with you,  her husband and her has done enough bad things to the haitian population', 'I could never do an interview I would be so messed up from the whole thing.', 'WhT does the biden admin know...this is close to home and a big deal...why are they quiet?', 'She is so beautiful 😍💖', 'This was a setup.', 'Justice we need.', 'Ummmmm Not All meets the eye \nBut God sees and knows All \neverything The truth will come \nAmen', "It is sad that he died and my prayers go out to her and her family, but for her to say that she never thought that kind of hate existed in Haiti is a slap in the face to all those other Haitians who are chopped up in the streets and killed everyday due to violence in the country.  That goes to show that if the violence does not reach the top tiers,  then the persons in power don't care  what happen and does not acknowledge what the poor people go through.", 'I haven’t thought about this. Now they have a witness', 'she set him up for sure', '🥺 My heart hurts to hear this.', 'Few things undermine sovereignty like the unsolved murder of a head of state.', 'The security guards are in on it…the whole world is disgusting', "Ok, is it just me or does it seem weird we're investigating? I feel for her as a widow myself, but I can't imagine what that night must have been like for her.  Condolences to the Haitian people.  Haiti, as a country, must be sick of violence in politics. As for her, she's going to have nightmares about that night for a long time.", 'This whole story is suspicious.', 'CIA did it. "Confessions of an economic hitman"', 'This is the west of Babylon 🇺🇸 written all over it.', "I'm thinking it was data about conversations about the current Covid situation as he did not want to be a part of it and probably to cover their tracks", 'Little do she know about who was behind it , or do she...', 'The red dragon at His best', 'They were looking for something and then had to call someone, describing what he looked like on the phone and then killed him.. How would they not know who he was though?', 'wow, thousands of poor people in Haiti was killed with his knowledge and one suppose to for him is this a f--king joke.', "Wow she's gorgeous! 😍", 'Look into who has most to gain (in the political sense) their you will find the culprit 🇺🇲', 'Are they still waiting on that money from bill and Hilary', 'Arrest each and every one of those guards period', 'Bless her heart.', 'You are very simple and beautiful first lady , sending hugs mrs.president of Haiti I love u .. from people of Philippines ❤️', "First Lady Martine Moise remember that many of us are praying for  you and your children.  May you be safe.  May your husband's legacy be one that justice  can triumph. Evil will not prevail forever against the Lord's anointed.", "Why they have to disclose, she have armed bodyguard on interview and a  secret location,  because she's black or what?", 'You benefited from inequality the society and you thought everyone loved you. You were wrong', 'Wow itt s  been a month. Wow seems like it just happened. 💔💔💔praying for her and her family', 'Oh Allah, Please intervene swiftly.', 'Their security. You can trust your own ppl shame', 'My condolences to Mrs Moise and family', 'USA - this is your future; when you let democracy dies !', 'Foreign counter intelligence operation!', 'May the ancestors continue protecting her', "No trauma to “explain or narrative” very suspicious act. That sarcastic smile on her face. She will get caught. FBI, HLS, and Colombia Interpol are going to scramble the puzzle. You'll see.", "Something ain't right", "I wish @MattRivers could have asked her why did they run into a bunker if it was available? According to other reports the president heard gunshot about 10 minutes before the assassins entered the bedroom. . That's  more than enough time to run into the bunker and hide. That way je could have made calls whilst in the bunker", 'Was he killed inside the house or outside in the streets', 'Oh really!!! What about the oppression kidnappings and killings your government did on your own people... you should have go with your husband also', 'A setup inside job. This is one brave lady.', 'if they didnt know him and needed to call to identify him, then its not an haitian', "They didn't kill the fist lady because she wasn't their target. These assassin's are professionally trained to do their task.", "What they get money alien artifact I think it's part of a much bigger picture on a world wide scale", "I certainly would NOT be living in Haiti. Ma'am, please go into deep hiding and just disappear. I wouldn't even trust your current security. Money talks. Peace and love ma'am.", "those security guards weren't about to sacrifice their lives to protect someone they probably didnt like all that much...they have families too and enjoy their lives just as much as any other normal person", "How come the UN hasn't yet set up a special committee to investigate?", "If the responsible parties aren't brought to justice Marshal Law is the next stop on that train.", 'Never trust thine enemy....', 'Of course madam, their is conspiracy between attacks an security forces', "Whoa this is deep. This a huge shocker if this is true. I'm thinking a foreign country. This is unreal. This is like some Tom Clancys stuff.", 'She is beautiful!', "I wonder why it's you... the puppeteers of  fake news that she chose for such an interview. Her story changes everyday. No one believes in your fake news anymore.", "My corrupt husband was asscinated I was injured. They took something from our room. I don't know what it was. How could this have happened?.🙄😆😆", 'She knew he will be killed so she can be president and controlled by america and France. Notice she never shed a tear', 'USA did it, no question about it.', 'the only person who can give justice to you Mrs. Moise is you. #Martine Moise 2022', "People are so out of touch with their populations, Haitians depending where in the socio economic ladder can careless that he got merc'D", 'And the security that slept', 'I sure would have liked to hear her whole testimony from herself she clearly speaks English. If they found what they were looking for then why kill the man. What did he have that she didn’t know about.?', "Maybe the security guards weren't  paid enough  to die for their president.", 'Keep right our first Lady we love you 💜', 'Part of a Larger picture..Wickedness in high places Globally!!', 'I really want to know what it is that they took. It definitely was a guard who was in on it. They knew that what they were looking for was in the room.', '🙏🙏🙏🙏💙💙💙💙💙💙', 'The security guards ate a big Dominican lunch. Then they fell asleep. They woke up after they heard the first gunshots. Then they said “shiiiiiiiit”, I ain’t sign up for this. They then went home. It’s not that complicated. They didn’t get paid for anything.', 'Savvy woman.If you follow me  sis. Sister D allemand will be so proud of you. If she was still alive.', '🖤❤️', 'Didn\'t even ⌚ this vid, didn\'t have to. You reap what You(Husband sowed. That "President KILLED MANY(of His Own People) for 💰& Power', 'The Colombian government should condemn and sanction for their crime against our Republic president from the whole World', 'Your enemy is closer than you think sis.', 'I understand a woman can be strong but it’s confusing to remain so calm explaining the story almost with a smile when your husband was brutally murdered in front of you. She shows no emotion or whatsoever.', 'That’s what happens with corrupt government/politicians', 'I have a strong feeling about her that is not right for me to say here due to respect of the family, close friends and colleagues of the Deceased. But I smell something very suspicious!', "I don't believe anything she says. First she said something totally different is evident that she is the mastermind of the crime", '313 THE US KILLED HIM PERIOD AND SHE MORE THAN LIKELY KNOWS MORE THAN WHAT SHES SAYING WHY IS SHE STILL ALIVE WITH THOSE MINOR INJURIES I SMELL A COVER UP 😂', 'Thar was a set up.   Someone knows  something.  Just sad.  Sending prayers 🙏', '💔🙏🏾', 'She won\'t find the real order givers if they\'re to investigate themselves. We all know what happens when Police "investigate" Police.', 'Be honest - same thing happened at Capitol.  The police/security were told by someone to STAND DOWN. Curated', "Let her just move on with her life. If she couldn't imagine her husband would be killed then she definitely won't be able to understand who actually planned the whole thing. It's a system. It was their turn.", 'I don’t believe this woman!', 'Wait how did she know what the attackers were saying if they were Colombians speaking Spanish? I feel like she was involved in the plot because why would they leave a witness alive', 'This woman is strong💯💯❤', 'Hope for strength to this black beautiful queen', 'Who needs to identify a president over a phone call?', 'Why is she on lying CNN🤦🏾\u200d♂️', 'My country is Beautiful and Rich but there is nobody to take care of it. \nAYITI KANPE', 'Madam forts lady the persons or person who made the order will never be arrested this is the real world', 'It seems to me that this was an inside job.  His security detail all need to be questioned.', 'Everyone around them was in on it', 'How about President Cyprien Ntaryamira? Killed by Kagame too? We need that un to investigate too! Oh noooo!', 'All because he refused to mandate vaccines? Other country leaders were as assassinated as well? Who else has heard of this?', 'She\'s a "manbo" nd we all know that manbos ain\'t got no heart,please treat her like a suspect.', 'Did he refuse the "gene treatment"?', 'They probably stole a flash drive with sensitive data.', 'I think she left out a lot about that night.', 'It’s just some of the worse trauma someone could endure smh . They didn’t just shot him, they  tortured him really bad , the pictures that leaked out explained it all , it’s beyond barbaric,  demonic stuffs . May God give her the strength to heal ..', 'It’s not far fetched to think she is in on it', 'One theory that she might be the person who paid for the murder because somehow she got alive', 'The US had a hand in this', "What goes around comes around should've left office when is time was up", 'Everyone on that security detail charged with the task of protecting the President needs to be executed.  They were ALL in on it.', "Well, don't wait for USA investigation because they don't do it in their country with transparency either... Sooo if there is American involved you will no have justice", 'The person that gave orders may be someone they knew...hows the acting president doing', "We love you Martine moise don't ever use them as a cecurity guard anymore", 'Martine Moise ap mache rablabla, bay manti...!! Blofez dermalog lan te o kouran yotap vinn asasinin Jovnel...!! Si aisyen te serye, yopa taka pa kinbe e tande moun sayo lan krim sa: Martine Moise, Leon Charles, Ticlaude Joseph, Stanley Lucas, Guichard Dore, Liberus, Gonzague 2, Dimitry Herrard, ak lot suspek phtk yo.', 'So sad and heartbreaking', 'As a Haitian born and rise half of my life in Haiti I was so disappointed to some of the richest people of my country who orchestrated this horrifying event. They perpetrated Jovenelmoise as a dictator but in their hearts they knew what they were doing. Every time I am listening or watching the reports I could not stop crying. People or the world, this president was a kind of guy that they were angry of because of his mentality for developing Haiti. They Parliament that dissolved was better for the speeddy resolve. The parliamentary were collecting money to pass any project presented to them. If no money, no passing of anything... So the president was acting in decretum of laws to move the projects.', 'I believe she does know what they were looking for.', 'It is really shame on Haiti government on this assasination.', 'I thought they tortured the husband. Where were their guards?', 'she look very happy', 'Always advise your husband wisely when you are in power, because this money you see today while in power will never follow you in your grave!! The people in Haiti suffer a lot under your husband when he was in power and alive!!', 'Where’s your coverage of Gov. Cuomo?', '🤔. Your enemy lives with you.', 'From she do a interview for cnn I dont trust her', 'I heard the husband did not want to leave power ....', 'She should take over.  Happy to see she is up and about.', 'If he had something and it was in his possession...says alot...for sure inside job..I would be looking at investigations he was about to do..or business partners..2nd or 3rd in charge..and I would be going after the bosses of those security guards..someone had to give the order..', "Haiti led a successful slave rebellion...they'll never forget or forgive that!!!", 'Killed because he refused to vaccinate his country. That is the true backstory. Nothing to do with politics. Same with the other 2 country leaders that got killed.', "Ariel Henry = Jovnel = corp group = kowupsyon = vol = injustis= Malheur d'Haiti. Vive la revolution fracassante pour liberer Haiti de ce reseau de malfrats phtkG9 plus Leon Charles criminel!!", 'Frankly, it does not look like a political assassination. What extracurricular business was the President involved in?', 'Dam sounds like a movie', 'It was an inside job. Someone i/people n thier inner circle  are not loyal', "The president's wife should never disclose to another country their issues, this interview by the wife makes the country look weak and it divides.", 'He had information on the Clinton foundation', 'Please protect this lady.', 'Justice for president Jovenel Moïse.🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹🇭🇹', 'Beautiful woman. So sad.', "I don't understand how she is still alive. 👀", 'so much more to this story....', 'But, there is an investigation in progress; why did this APPARENTLY intelligent woman allow the media to coerce her into TALKING!!! Does she not have advisors? Why is the US so far up into the affairs of another country that they don’t even care about….other than to take advantage of an already destitute little place????', 'Was she the unique witness?? that version is questionable and suspicious. There are not cctv evidences so far : /\nTwo ways: She was also a complice or There are external intimidation over she to not to talk the true.', "She is right about one thing the people that place the order isn't arrested as yet", 'The killing of a President - Kennedy still remains unresolved. Jacky with blood stained clothes from the gunshot to JFK remained very composed in the moment of transfer of power to LBJ. RFK’s first question [did the CIA kill my brother?]. The Waren Commission setup to investigate??? 59 years the killing of JFK remains unresolved. The same story with Haiti and life continues. Our sympathies to the First Lady and family.', 'What was they looking for and what did they take? Did they speak creo or english? Did they have an accent?', 'BAD REPORTING MATT RIVERS ,SHE CAN SPEAK ENGLISH BUT YOU JUST DECIDED TO TRANSLATE,I SUSPECT THE US GOVERNMENT  FOR THIS ASSISINATION.CAUSE THEY WANT HAITI MINERAL RESOURCES.', 'Guards are involved ministers who knew the bedroom', 'Presidents that do not follow the covid scam do not live long it seems?', 'This is definitely the CIA🙄', 'Perhaps CNN should also interview the widows  of all those this president had killed in his quest to enrich himself and his crony’s.', 'Why do journalists ask such stupid questions when given these kinds of opportunities.', 'The interviewer, the judge, the jurors, the court, the caller, the perpetrators, the guards & Undisclosed location all are the establishment\nUnbeknownst to u, judgement day I will obtain kind of deeds u cultivated', "Losing your husband in such a terrible way...i can't imagine.", 'I laughed when people believe that UN can trustworthy, look what they are doing in Congo 🇨🇩 looting congolese minerals along side the criminal rwandan troops!', "I wouldn't be surprised if we were, involved, again 🥴🥴🥴🥴🤦🏽\u200d♂️", 'Sorry for your lost but the Story don’t add up', 'Security was in on it', 'BOB MARLEY Said, NO woman NO cry. Total not imaginable', 'What kind of president was he, for them to want to kill him?', 'Seems they’re trying to take down all Black Country leaders', "Somebody commented when this first happened and said that  that President was supposed to be there temporarily. The people had voted for the person that they wanted but that guy didn't want to step down. Is this true?", 'Was he corrupt 😂😂😂😂😂', 'What were they looking for?', 'What were they looking for?', "She wants the the Divided states to handle the investigation hmm.\nThat's like saying she wants the foxs to guard the hen house. SMH.", 'Wow!!', 'Did she break her arm from riding a bi-cycle? I doubt that injury is from a gun.', 'They wernt looking for shit but blood, that man refused to push hierachy agendas nd lost his life.', 'I hope she gets justice for her family.', "I wasn't expecting that nice English speaking", "So upsetting what she's going through", 'She should just blame CIA and other foreign interference.  Hahahha', 'Beautiful woman.', 'Was the husband tortured? Coz from everything it seems like he was but she is saying from her words it seems  he was not tortured . Nothing makes sense in this world anymore.', 'Where can we see the full interview???', "Where's jimmy barbeque when u need him", 'She is lying.. she knows more', 'Un? Ohhhh, how about our President Habyalimana Juvenal, President of Rwanda? 27 years later no answer? Start by him! He is a human too! Un! Shame on you! Shame on you!', "I dont understand one minute the citizens want them out and hated the government but when hes 'removed' the citizens are mad but anyways hope things get better", "She does not trust the police.. I hope she can tell us what steps her husband took to add professionalism to Haiti's much troubled policing units..", 'Bon SOIR 🙏sorry for your loss rip 🙏💜✝️Mai oui!! Ces CA, conspiracy 🙏', 'She is a smart lady. Luck to be alive', 'Give it time they will make a movie of it. Sorry for the lady that is gone through this. So sad for her. God said you must help the widows', 'Classic 3 letter agency hit using out of country killers. Leaders were out of country were out of country within an hour and will never be found!', 'That is not true, this lady new something', 'come on guys do we really believe this story???????????', 'CIA - “what was that noise?”', 'Was the salary of the president was being paid on time', '🖤', '*Wow...she is a beautiful woman*', 'this is sooo out of control. smgdh.', "Am happy you're alive", "I don't trust that lady not one bit!", 'I said before that the security guards were in on it, plain and  simple. If there’s no resolution with this situation: history will repeat itself.', 'Dam shame RIP🙏🏽', 'An absence of trauma .. she’s cooL', 'If she is on an undisclosed location, why did the reporter say that he was reporting from Miami!  SMDH  I  hope that she has already been moved from that now not so  "undisclosed location."', 'Conservatives: Hillary Clinton had him killed', 'america done this...its sealed!!!', 'Oh my she is beautiful', 'We all know the US was involved', 'Amurika knows who sent the hit men and so does she.', 'Sadly, another mark of the colonists that has marred the country yet again.', 'Se is nice looking - without tacky wigs!  You can be yourself and still look good, just do your hair instead of letting it look like Africans.', 'That smirk on her face is weird thou', 'This begs to question. What are they asking for?', 'Unpopular opinion  she seems suspect like she was smiling during her interview her story dont add up listen to it again like I did', "Ummm, happy you're ok madam, but om very concerned about the top investigators ???", 'The assassins need to be found an convicted. Otherwise the presedence is set that you can kill elected officials willingly. Unfortunately we know, post June 6th, that this idea is all too attractive in ths US.', 'She is so lucky...wish u qr mama!', 'It always boils down to the big money behind political crimes all over the world.', 'The best thing we can do is defund the police.', 'WOW😢', 'They should bring her here in the USA and grant her asylum (and her children). She has been through a lot', 'Did she even get a scratch', 'He gave it away, she’s in\nMiami', "If the US gets involved they'll find those people in no time.", "She is very beautiful!! I wouldn't put my trust in US either...", "She didn't know they hated him that much to kill him?", 'They murdered him because he did not want to comply with the New World Order.', '🍨💐❤\nSending hugs 🤗\nIn tears\nFind comfort 🇺🇲🙏🕸\nQ', "She's lying, they came 4 the president, I don't think they were looking 4 anything, he was set up by his own maybe mmmmshhhhhhh smiles", 'She helped him get set up'], ['Thumbs up to Japan and Poland for helping this young woman. Thumbs down to all authoritarian regimes.', "Way to go Poland. I'm glad this young woman is safe. I hope Belarus doesn't turn on her family at home.", "I'm so glad she spoke up to the Japanese police and they protected her from her own country.", 'Big love to Poland and Japan for stepping up to protect this young athlete! <3 <3 <3', 'Praises to japan and poland for providing the help that that athlete  need it', 'Go, be free, live your best life and we will see you as a Polish medalist in the 2024 games.', 'I totally support Christina 100 percent. She was right to distrust her coaches and her country. Her team coaches tried to say Christina had mental health issues (which is bullsit towards an outspoken athlete who wants to express her feelings. Go get them Christina .', 'Damn, that’s sad. You’d think they’d respect these ladies who rep the country and sacrifice their lives and bodies….this world is so demonic. Praying for the light', 'I’d refuse to come home too, when this news is helping keep Americans split up by race', 'Thank you Japan and thank you Poland.', 'Just like the old days when athletes defected from East Germany etc.', 'How horrifying to be from a country where you fear for your life if you complain about sports. Belarus needs to be condemned internationally in very strong terms.', "Welcome to Poland!! You'll love it here!", 'Let’s Remember the history that in WW2 Japanese diplomat Mr.Sugihara saved thousands of jewish refugees from Nazi.', 'If they grounded a Dutch plane  to arrest journalist Roman Protasevich imagine what they gonna do to her', 'God bless y’all in the polish embassy', '*Thank goodness she’s now safe!* 🙏🏻', 'Thank you Poland for doing the right thing.', 'So glad Poland gave her refuge.', 'Belarusians 🇧🇾 will always have a place in Poland 🇵🇱!!', 'I’m so proud of the Japanese police.', 'Lukashenko is not a president, he lost the elections to a wife of his rival after his rival was jailed. His wife who was a housewife, ran instead of her husband and she defeated the dictator. And the dictator self declared himself as a president.', 'Good for Poland that there are finally some good initiatives coming from there. Maybe there is hope anyway.', 'Thank you Poland 💕.....best wishes to Kristina', 'Hope she goes to Poland and can be free.Polish are good people.', 'You don’t just change the event at the last minute, unless there’s an emergency. 🤔', 'And Belarusian activist Vitaly Shishov was found hanged in the park in Kyiv, Ukraine. He was helping people fleeing Belarussians to settle up, finding housing, jobs.', 'Thank you for helping her she shouldn’t have to live in fear', "Belarus claiming that she was having a mental break down of sorts is why they were sending her home. Now that's a lie and a half lol (Seriously this whole situation is not funny)", 'Thank you Poland for everything what you do for this athlete!', 'Belarus is a now a Russian chess piece.', 'She can come live in my home with no strings what so ever !', 'Thanks  Poland !      Good  luck  to Timanovskaja  !', "She ran. They didn't see that coming.", "I'm glad she's safe. How scary.", 'Wow! Thank you, Poland.', 'May GOD be with that young lady, some of these countries and the bastards that run them are just simply despicable. Human suffering is a worldwide problem.', 'This young woman will continue needing physical protection. They won’t leave her alone …. 😵\u200d💫🥺😢😩🤬', 'Well done Poland!!! Great job on helping out!', 'The remainder of the Belarus athletes should be offered asylum.', 'Good for her and good for Poland!\n\n               Solidarność!', 'timing  was so  Perfect this happened  on 77th anniversary of Warsaw Uprising    long live Free Poland', "Poland is awesome! I've known this for a while.", 'Two countries coming together to save an athletes life, way to go Japan and Poland.', 'Lukashenko thugs already after her family, husband fled to Ukraine!', 'What about her family? Hope there will be no reprisals against them...', 'Blessings 🙏🇨🇦❤️. Painful to HEAR.', 'Thats sad. But now it looks like she may be running 4 the rest of her life in some way', 'Sounds like Belarus would be a perfect match for Don the Con', "Sometimes in life what is for you will be for you and if it's not might as well just leave it alone🤔", 'You should also report about Turkish fire! They need international help!', 'Well done Poland !!!', 'Just have to hope her flight goes nowhere near Russian or Belarusan air space :(', 'Good for Poland', '2% of people who are watching this comment I wish their parents still alive more than 100 years 💝💝💖💖God bless you 😘😘😘😘', '"Politics should never be mixed with sports"\n- Self-righteous savages.', 'There is a huge difference between a 200m run (half the track, short distance) and the 400m run (entire track, middle distance). If you’re are an experienced track runner, both races require different strategies and protocols if you want to do well in them, not to mention training. This is the Olympics, you don’t just “wing” an event unless you want to humiliate yourself and your country:', 'I’m so glad she’s safe. Free Belarus! \nSupport from the US 🇧🇾🤝🇺🇸', 'Praying for you!🙏🏾', 'Wish her luck', "That's ridiculous. Having to run for speaking out for being put in something you didn't sign up for... I wonder whats their deal..", 'HUMANS have the right to be free! We aren’t on Earth for very long!', "Leave her alone.... She's on vacation 🏖", 'Why wouldn’t she not want to run in the 4 x4 tho?', 'This lady saw a chance to run an she ran for gold of her life', 'I saw that he hated her country and immediately jumped to the conclusion that she was an American female soccer player.', '🙏🙏👏', '💟 4 seconds in i thought they were going to play the song freak on a leash by korn!|', 'Glad this Belarus athlete is safe.  Wish there was more we could do for all the activists in Belarus working to end authoritarianism.', 'How much did they pay her to do this performance?!', 'I hope she finds a new home in another country where she is embraced and appreciated.', "Weird how you're not covering Cori Bush and the upcoming record evictions the Dems are allowing to happen.", 'trump patterned his coup after Alexander Lukashenko....who lost the election but just refused to go...', "I hope she'll get the help she needs, brave girl!", 'I was gonna say she could come stay at my place.', "It's raining kindness today, thank you Poland and Japan.", "It's unwise for her to seek asylum, while her families are still there, thus making their life in danger.", 'Good job for standing up for herself.', 'phew nice one Poland, good luck to her.', '❤', 'Good for her, wish her all the best.', 'We love you Japan thank you for protecting this women.', 'Great reporter Selena. She explained everything so clearly.', 'There you go girl!', 'Yeah, I wouldn’t go back to Belarus either. Her authoritarian country stopped her from participating in the race she trained for and told her to run in a race she hadn’t. They set her up for failure. She knows the score. It’s win or else. Win, go to prison, or worse! I’m glad she got away. I hope the Belarusian government doesn’t hurt her family.', 'I love that in the country Belarus I’m considered very short for average adult men. I’m 5’2 in height or 160 cm in height', 'But when is Tera Reade going to get a voice.', "In Russia and Belarus, they are used to take steroids, I don't think she did and she probably played well but we are seeing the real face of Belarus.", 'Belarusian people Canada 🇨🇦come on over bring a friend or family', 'Poland is so awesome.', 'I am fear about her family .\nThey will be punish by Belarus government  .\nHope she will get a new citizenship  with different country and run again .\nGOOD FOR YOU .\n👍👍👍👍👍👍 .\nLove from Algeria  .', 'Have I been "left in the dark" for 40 years?', 'First, Belarus brings down RyanAir for an opposing journalist and now this? I hope Kristina gets asylum.', 'I hope the Polish embassy checks her flight path to Poland. Belarus is known for diverting flights using Russian jets.', 'Please protect her!', 'Our Father in heaven, may your name be kept holy. May your Kingdom come soon. May your will be done on earth, as it is in heaven. Give us today the food we need, and forgive us our sins, as we have forgiven those who sin against us. And don’t let us yield to temptation, but rescue us from the evil one. For yours is the kingdom the glory and the power for ever and ever Amen', "I hope they don't try to go after her family😞", 'Thank you Poland and Japan!', 'Area riservata 51 :YEAR 2062 : FIRST TRIAL FOR MARS PLANET.', 'She can come live with me ❤️', 'Welcome in Poland! Become our great athlete', "Im so happy they protected her!! Thank God they did the right thing! Belarusians are not treated very well. She'd end up d×ad for saying what she said. \nNo joke. \nJust search that country and you'll see what they do.", "Glad she's safe. Explain to her how to wear a mask please.", 'Thank you Japan and Poland for doing what is right -- best luck and wishes to Christina.', 'WOW!!', 'She can move in with me, and she can participate in my special Olympics', 'Nice!!!', '🙏', 'Hope Belarusian planes are still prohibited from flying over EU air space!', 'God bless America!', 'She could not count on the #corrupt #IOC to help her, an IOC that retaliates against every athlete, with a conscious, without mercy. Glad Poland did act humanely for once.', 'Good girl! All good wishes to her!', 'As a refugee, I feel her fear and uncertainty. Praying for her.', 'How does CNN still exist???', 'EVERY ONE RUN AWAY FROM THAT COUNTRY!!! OR U WILL END UP LIKE NORTH KOREA!!! GET OUT AS FAST AS U CAN!!! WE WILL PRAY FOR YOU!!! LONG LIVE DEMOCRACY!!!!!!!!AND ROCK N ROLL!!!! LOL', 'Thumbs up to Japan and Poland for helping this young woman. Thumbs down to all authoritarian regimes.', 'Good stay there!', 'Belarus, Hungary, and others losing battle to keep democracy. Republicans look to Hungary to to instill facism in America. Tucker Carlson, Fox News talking head, went to Hungary to study how they replaced democracy.', 'You go girl', "Where's Fredo? We out looking for him\nNeed interview, thoughts on Big Bro??who u gonna have first on show your bro or victims?? Boy I can't wait to see what you have to say about bros being found guilty by AG", 'Soviet Union was created through darkness and even after it collapsed, still hunts innocent citizens of the regime. Protect its people to fight against the shadow of Sovient Union.', 'Nice video mate! \nAs a trader, I have been able to understand that there are two sides when it comes to choosing sides, though i am not kicking against hodlin, but i see it as an old and odd strategy to make profit of the market as when the market goes bearish investors/traders loses their investment which is always painful, when you can take advantage of the market by involving in day trading or copying trade alert from a professional trader that do get tips & understand the market and use strategy to generate signals daily to make profit to grow your portfolio as i have been doing with Steve van meter for the past 3 weeks and I have been able to day trade to grow my initial 3.2 btc to 12 btc which you will rethink and see that trading is more better/profitable. Steve van meter is very accurate and always yields a great positive return on investment.  He can be reached on TELEGRAM (Stevevan) to join his program.', '✋   😂  , i keep my gun loaded and on my hip. i will use it on the drop of a dime.|', "Heh. I listened to his description of the police actions in Belarus. That's just Tuesday here in the USA. j/k... mostly. Hope she gets some peace of mind. Hope any family and friends she has escape punishment by proxy.", "So nothing on I'm\nSingle and Ready to Mingle Gov. Cuomo?", 'Good job Poland the Dictator in Belarus must be taken down.', 'GOD BLESS HER JOURNEY! MAY YOU FEEL FREEDOM SOON. POLAND IS KOOL. YOU GET TO HERE, THE US, FROM POLAND. YOU ARE MY HERO.. FROM CHICAGO!', 'Wtf? They cant do that the athletes have a right to protest if they are being mistreated in some way look what happened in the u.s 150 girls were abused by a dr girls complained an were not protected so she knows how her country runs', "😯   😒  , thanks for the news. it's so good 😂😂.|", "It's time for the USA to pay a visit.", 'She has the right to know where she is going', 'meanwhile they deny south americans asylum for actual real life threatening reasons... how did she go from "they want to send me home bc i complained about running in that race" to "they are going to put me in jail for not wanting to run"... she\'s actually brilliant for playing the olympics card i guess', '👍', 'If she has any family they are in the process of being rounded up and re-educated.', "dear god , how can you keep telling people about all these arrest and not 1 in 6 years with all the evidence on all of them. your messing with people's minds and there false hope's. why ?|", "somebody's got some backbone", 'CNN needs to increase your volume on youtube.', "Go for It  you deserve  a better life hopefully  you're  family  will  be  OK 👌❤", "What's the significance of her being entered in the 400m race at the last minute? I assume this would be very difficult as she had trained  for a different event.  A CBC clip also says that the change was because they had not enough sprinters to pass the dope testing....", 'Belarusian athlete is so brave.  I am so glad that she was helped.', "Well done Poland, Japan and the IOC! Poland knows all too well the scourge of dictator regimes and they said 'no more'", "dear lord ! abrums most go on a very long vacation...maybe permanent one...or worse? let's leave that to the law scholars.|", 'I knew Poland was good for something', 'We should invade Belarus', 'What is going on with the Olympics??? You should be protecting your athletes!!!', 'I’m kinda surprised this doesn’t happen more often. Lots of these countries are crappy places to live.', 'one of the free countries needs to take her in and protect her and still let her compete. I pray 🙏 for her, come to my country if you can cuz America has your back Kristina 🙏 🙌 💙! much love from 🇺🇸 America', 'I was born under a communist regime and I understand why she didn’t want to go back. Only us know how evil the communists are.', 'Protect her!!!!!', 'Thank GOD she was thinking on her foot  and following her first mine', 'Wonder how Gosun-san is doing in Belarus.  Seems like a unpleasant place to retire.', 'With respect to Japan and Poland authorities for giving aid to this athlete that wanted to be free!', 'This is not an immigrant refugee .this is  the Bandit \nMade Freedom Human rights Watch Of EU - US', 'Wait. A person wants to live in Freedom? Meanwhile some Americans want America to be a Socialist nation.', 'Kristina, I hope you get what it is you need to live your life in peace and safety.', 'In some countries,people have no rights to say against coach and they  have to leave homeland.Then there is American who think louder tone make alpha,stronger and attempt to destroy capitol.', '_Oh, I see no one is here complaining about an athlete making a political statement? I wonder why ..._ 🤔', "It's kinda ironic that it was a sprinter who successfully ran away from Belarus", "Let you know some human are raise by jail so jail ain't shit it home", "I don't know what she's so worried about. She could probably outrun the authorities.", 'CHILDS UNCANNY ABILITY TO UNDERSTAND THEIR OWN BEST INTERESTS:…This is where I’m specifically talking about individual rights for children where their own voice not someone else speaking for them.', 'It seems many are all too happy to bankroll the regime and conduct regular business with it. Money talks, Bla Bla Bla Walks.', "How come no coverage of Tamarya our Proud American Wrestling Gold Medalist Winner? Oh the CCP won't let you", '<--- Waiting for Charlie Kirk to describe her as a weak embarrassment for not going those to be put in jail.', 'It seems the criminal regime has hit teams in the field. They struck an exiled dissident in Ukraine 2 days ago. She has a target on her back now for ticking them off.', 'The coach needs to be sacked', 'thanks god ,they lost and know it trump won 🇺🇸♥️🙏|', 'This is 2021 and we still have Dictators who is trying to CONTROL People! ! !', 'The only nice thing Poland did in these crazy times', 'This is provocation belarusian opposition and helpless USA', 'Poland is the best!  Way to come through and help her!', 'Ahhh i remembering when this was the norm every Olympic event. It was soviet participants then. This is so annoying we are back at this. well good luck to her. Its always the intellectual elite that go and then the country falls behind and then the regime cant stand. its a self destructive cycle. at least we know the Belarus regime will fall soon. you cant sustain a modern society when you make the best people run away.', 'WHERES THE  GOV CUOMO COVERAGE?  WHERES FREDO?', 'Why so slow getting BREAKING NEWS OUT. This is 5 hours. You barely work on the weekends. THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. HA.', 'Repent Jesus is coming soon Escape the wrath that is to come', '8 HUGE EVENTS. GREAT EVENTS.', '59. Steps of development of an embryo (surah 23,ayat 14)(surah22,ayat5)a little amount of Sperm, congealed blood,lump,bone then flesh (wrapping bone)', 'Japan should arrest the coaches for attempted abduction.', 'Wouldn´t it be better to talk with Polish and EU-officials instead of a journalist in London who has nothing to do with this affair?', 'If only more people from the United States did this. You know , the ones that hate it here so much?', 'Good for her. Time for New Yorkers to seek asylum elsewhere. We are being forced to do things we are not comfortable with. We are living in an authoritarian regime.', "That's the true olympic spirit, win at ANY cost.", "I hope she doesn't have family in Belarus bc now they're in danger.", 'Meanwhile Americans are whining about mask wearing again.', "Well done Olympian. Continue to speak the truth. If it's possible, compete for Poland and never succumb to pressure to tell a false narrative. I wish you a long, safe and successful future.", "I'd like to offer refuge to any Nordic volleyball team blondes who need to escape their country!", "75. Sirius star (surah53,ayat49) Sirius is a binary star system consisting of two white stars orbiting each other. Orbit of Sirius star (common centre of gravity). It's orbit lasts 49.9 to 50.1 years.", 'cnn is so bad it cant even upload their videos in anything more than 480p lololol', 'Freeeeedom', 'She should just be sure not to fly through Belarusian air space on the way back.', 'Good for her', 'CNN. WHY ARE YOUR VIDEOS SO QUIET?', "Belarus has for about a century been the back door mob and KGB retiree destination for Russian government or organized crime. The country's name alone gives me shivers and cringes. Historically Belarus and Bulgaria were the places bad people went to retire. (think Argentina for former nazis)", 'I WANT TO SEE GOD AND HIS GREAT MOTHER AGAIN. I MUST TO SPEAK WITH THEIR IN THE EARTH PLANET WITH MISS CLARITY DUNKIN NEAR TO ME. MY GREAT LOVE.', 'It is not countries, political or economic systems  that are corrupt, it is individuals in power.', 'WOW! This is shameful!', "😃   💙  , i hope this man playing the role of biden, gets arrested and tried in tribunal court as biden. biden is gone and this actor along with bidens clone will pay the price. god help, us if we can't stop these|", "06:51 she's not really beside you mann.", 'Cool.', 'I heard Germany also extended a helping hand if she needed it. Another European country also reached out, but I forgot which.', 'I thought that Belarus was an EU member, but it is not.  That explains why they have an autocrat there.  Can you imagine how many millions of people would be in jail in Western Europe and the US for criticizing the government or certain institutions?', 'Wow. Why is sports so political in Belarus?', "This is crazy. Belarus is really destroying any chance of ever entering the EU. What an idiotic policy. The poor citizens that are living under the madness of their Fascist leader must rise up and fight for their freedom. Imagine living next to a neighboring country that is free and happy but you can't because you have an authoritarian leader? This is 2021. The government has no right to own her body or her talent. What a bunch of bullies.", 'Belarus will again create a bomb scare and forcefully land the plane in Belarus.', 'Pamela brown \n\nPlease say something comforting and I will try and believe it.\n\nI am feeling so hopeless.', 'Washington, DC, murders surpass coronavirus deaths in July by nearly 3-to-1 ratio', 'Big Bang in California : August 2115', 'Come to Canada 🇨🇦 😢', 'It might be a good idea not to overfly Belarus en route to Poland.', 'do not believe what leftist media has to say', 'This is wonderful for her.\nDown with ALL AUTHORITARIAN GOVERNMENTS.', "Even if I'm never reported on in the news,\n\nCan CNN send a reporter tell me the truth\n\nI'm not thinking Jake Tapper, but if Jake Tapper is single.\n\nI don't bother to Google Jake Tapper cuz I would not believe it anyway.\n\nI feel like I'm trapped at the Florida Tower and just going to die alone.\n\nPlease will someone help me, please.", "I'm glad it's over, worst ever Olympics", 'And people want to protest what happens here....', 'She could take passport, seat in the train and go to the West.\nBut somebody needed this political circus.', 'Thumbs up for Poland!', 'Alice Stewart\n\nIf I worked at CNN I would rather you say ON the air:\n\n"I suspect Kate Hancocks is in love with my husband"\n\nRather than say that in private.\n\nIf you talk behind my back I can\'t defend myself.', 'How about her family back in Belarus ?? They re in big trouble now', 'stand by Tsimanouskaya ❤', "What's with the background noise (sounds like flatulence) in the second half of this clip?", 'Permisson an athlete to compete Olympic allowed to enter another country as Asylum a joke millions of year new saw', 'Is Belarus nurturing talent or human trafficking 🤯', "So how does this work for those who know the rights/process of seeking asylum when your on foreign soil already  / she's in Japan, how did she end up getting polish asylum and not  Japan ??", 'Sad story', 'Excellent', 'Prior to 1990, when watching any Cold War countries perform in a free country, I used to wonder which athlete would defect.', 'Did she sprint into the embassy?', 'CORRECT HEADLINE:\n\nBELARUSIAN OLYMPIAN SEEKS ASYLUM FROM MARXIST/COMMUNIST BELARUS', 'Search for:   "Let\'s talk about Republicans rejecting democracy"  Share \nthe video AND YOUR CONCERNS with your democratically elected officials \nwhile you still can...', 'dear lord ! i dont like it!!!!!! damn...shake em awake ...gracious....😁|', 'She got boyfriend from Poland. Now making big deal.', 'the world is descending into fascism. from Trump to Belarus.... God help us', "Let's make sure the plane going to Poland does not fly through Belarus airspace, or it will be asked to land in Belarus for a routine Bomb on the Plane scare call.", 'Your welcome in Canada..', 'Good', "84. Reduction of earth's outline border (surah13, ayat 41);(Surah21,ayat 44) Allah gradually reducing earth's surface from it's outline borders. Scientists discovers earth's outline border is reducing,poles becomes more flattening and bulging in equitorial line. Scientists mentions it's cause; while earth rotates around it's own axis, constantly loses matter and earth's surface reducing as ice melting in poles and water area increasing and earth surface decreasing.", '👋 god wins god is in charge commander in chief the best is yet to come|', 'The bombshell findings made the most detailed case yet that the coronavirus pandemic resulted from a leak from a Wuhan virology lab, but CNN, MSNBC, ABC News, NBC News and CBS News all failed to cover the report.', "So she would go to jail for not running in an event she didn't train for?", 'We shoud reduce significantly the amount of gas we are buying in Rusia, because nothing will happen without exerting any kind of presure.', 'What that iron curtain has not rusted YET! Interesting Poland did not exist in 1939 it was swallowed up by Germany and Russia.', 'There are no recent videos about the infrastructure bill on this channel so I\'ll post this comment here. What\'s this part of the bill about? All I can find is this table of contents entry in the text released so far, which appears to just be a list of amendments rather than the actual details of the infrastructure plan. So can a CNN reporter ask the  WH Press Secretary what this part is about?  "Title VII General Provisions \nSec. 27002 Coordination regarding forced labor". \n\nWill slaves be used in the infrastructure projects? Or do the Feds just want to "coordinate" with the states so they won\'t step on their toes by using actual paid labor on highways that the state slave drivers plan to use their slaves on, so they can get payoffs from the private prison owners who obviously get paid actual money for the use of their inmates for slavery? Will the Feds be driving any slave crews of their own or just facilitating the state slave drivers? BTW, I wonder what percentage of the slaves are black. Imagine the mental torment that would cause a black prison slave. I\'ve heard of cruel but uh, wow, that\'s pretty extreme, even if they did commit crimes. It would actually be less cruel just to put them on a rack and get ta cranking. But I guess that\'s illegal in the US while slavery is not, so they have to go with the slavery. BTW, how is the use of forced labor going to "create good paying jobs"? Is 60 cents an hour good pay?', "What does she need asylum from?? diabetes 😅🤣😂I'm sure they have a McDonald's in Poland lol", 'IOC ITS TIME TO END NO POLITICS IN OLYMPICS. THEY HAVE ALWAYS BEEN POLITICAL. CHANGE NEVER COMES, IF PEOPLE WITH POWER TO STOP WRONGDOING DO NOTHING. IOC HAS MORE POWER THAN MANY STATES!', 'this is where the orange baboon gets his ideas from', "Meanwhile FOX denounces anyone whom does not lap upon Vladimir Putin's boots. Their loyalty to the Mango Mussolini guides their rudderless ship. Belarus is a tool for Putin.", 'Belarus should be banned from all sports competitions! WAKE UP!!!', 'FOLLOW ME😉 https://goo.su/6w50 🔞\r\n\r\n----p--o--r--n---s--e--x---------------------▶\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！#この日のライブ配信は、#かならりやばかったですね！#１万人を超える人が見ていたも\r\nん（#笑）#やっぱり人参最高！#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした \r\n#今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！\r\n#この日のライブ配信は、 \r\n#かならりやばかったですね！ \r\n#１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（ #笑） \r\n#やっぱり人参最高！ \r\n#まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした #垃圾', 'Welcome to Poland 🇵🇱. Belarus is a failed country!', 'WOW 😳 Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'Selina Wang is very beautiful and very sexy she is a very smart intelligent and has the knowledge to be a great journalist she is very hot and very pretty.', 'Good reporting job. It is huge step. Yippee. She stood up to President What-his-name of Belarus! Yup. I can’t spell the guy’s name. Mr Dictator! I have followed this story for a couple of days. Yet, Belarus is tragically ...a totalitarian state! Heartbreaking story! I hope this brave Olympic runner gets to Poland without a hitch. It’s just not safe in Belarus anymore!', 'I wonder how many people have asked for asylum during the Olympic games.', 'Lost her career and her country! She was not the best or even good anyway...', 'dear lord ! every state govenor, district attorney and state judge should be replaced too.|', 'This poor woman ♥️', 'More volume next time', 'Belarus is the identical twin brother of Russia!', 'C-SPAN Washington Journal Democrat paid operatives from top to bottom', 'Good job pronouncing that 1', 'Will Poland be safe?', 'Locks get paid today', "Poland knows about persecution from tyrannic government. They remember World War 2. Hitler kill thousands of Poland's citizens. Good for Poland in giving the young athlete humanitarian asylum.👋👍😍", '😪', 'Authoritarian style government. Sounds a bit like a ruler in Texas.', 'she should be put in jail until she learns how to wear a mask properly', 'You want socialism, this is what you get.', 'Just leave her alone', 'Help me run out of russia pls (', '😉 when they come back to texas they all should face the gallows get rid of the trash probably in office illegitimately anyways this fraud been going on for a long time.|', 'Look at Belarus and Russia because that is exactly how the Republican Party wants America governed.', 'And so many Americans were trying to force Biles to compete', 'China approves this News Network, 👍', "The postponement of the Olympics and the new crown virus disrupted the pace of American athletes taking doping, so this year's track and field medals in the United States were not satisfactory.", 'POLAND !!!', 'What about her family?', 'No matter what sport women are playing they always have to show more skin than the men in the same sport...why? Why do they force woman to do these things?', '2:27, are not women. one with an adonis belt and the other with 4ft long shoulders.', 'This is probably the craziest shit that has ever happened to an athlete after leaving the olympics.', '#lukashenko must go', 'Fly to Mexico and walk into the USA', 'Japan is considering forfeiting the right to host the Olympics and international competitions.\nForeign media reported that the behavior of the Japanese government and the Japanese during the Tokyo Olympics was truly abominable. In addition, the IOC decided to hold a post-Olympic review meeting on the deprivation of the right to host the games because the lack of management, human rights suppression, racism, distortion of history, and manipulation of the games during the Olympics could not be tolerated. On the other hand, many foreign media and conscientious Japanese said that they needed quick sanctions.\nIs this the beginning of a disaster in Japan?', "Facebook's open platform policy puts everyone in danger it 's appears that Zuckerberg's attempt to curry favor with politicians,no matter who that politician might be is becoming more dangerous.", "Yeah this happens every Olympics, good job CNN, how bout bidenflation? That's what regular people are worried about. But I forgot you guys don't do news, your more like the super market tabloids, the OG click bait.", 'REAL CURE FOR BACTERIAL VAGINOSIS, HPV, GENITAL  WARTS  sometimes we just need to give a try to herbal Medicine to see for ourselves. I am very happy that I do not listen to what people say if not i would have been a dead man by now. I was infected with HSV in 2018, i went to many hospitals for cure but there was no solution,  so I was thinking how can I get a solution out so that my body can be okay. One day I was in the office thinking where I can go to get solution. so a lady walked to me telling me why am I so sad and i open up all to her telling her my problem, she told me that she can help me out, she introduce me to a doctor who uses herbal medication to cure HSV, HIV/AIDS, ASSHOLE DISEASE, HPV, BACTERIAL VAGINOSIS (BV)  and many more disease and she gave me his email, so i mail him. He told me all the things I need to do and send me the herbal medicine through a courier delivering service and also give me instructions to take, which I followed properly. Before I knew what was happening after 3 weeks the HSV that was in my body vanished and the blister dried off . I went to the hospital for a test and it was negative. This man is real and he is the solution to herpes virus. so if you are also heart broken and also need a help, you can also Email: Osad2383@gmail.com call or \r\nWhatsApp +2349154653305  according to this great DR he can also cure HIV, ALS,CANCER, COLD SORE, HPV, HEPATITIS OF ALL KIND  AND DIABETES, ,,___________', "Hey, she's a babe! If she wants, I'll agree to marry her, then she can live in America. I mean, I'm reasonable sure my husband won't mind!", "Great God our today's world individual rights no longer guarantee", 'Why are they letting war crime countries participate, oh yeah China.', '👏   🤑  , shut down all federal offices of the fbi and cia and irs .|', 'Bomb bela!!!!!🗯🗯🗯🗯🗯🗯🗯', 'I expect more to defect…', "It's sad that Biden won't allow her to come to the U.S.  Sad.  Racist Joe must go!", 'PUÒ UNO SCOGLIO ARGINARE IL MARE??? SE LO SCOGLIO SIAMO NOI SI. NOI SIAMO DEGLI ENORMI CONTINENTI (ARCHANGELS RAFFAELE, GABRIELE AND MICHELE).', 'WHO CARES?', 'I wish the US women’s soccer team would refuse to come back and move to Poland', 'was watching the ticker at the bottom about sky news getting the boot from youtube... its about damn time! hey sky news... nobody cares about your denial. youtube has the right to boot you for any reason they want. now if we could just do something about all the "boomshell" news echoes...', "I really can't see what the big fuss is all about I haven't seeing anything Balarusan sporting authority did wrong when he asked Krystsina to run the 200 meter race let me remind you Usain Bolt was a 200 meter runner but he was asked by Jamaican sporting authority to run the 100 meter race during the Olympics Bolt then chooses to run the race which make him the fastest 100 metre runner on the planet today. maybe if Krystsina chosen to run the 200 meter race you never know she might been the fastest 200 meter runner on the planet today but instead she was more interested in claiming asylum in western countries rather than her spotting career.", 'dear lord ! hurry up and get them arrested.|', 'Worst Olympics in the history of Olympics', "SHE won't be going to jail in Belarus, but sadly her family probably will be...", 'Never thought I’d say this but Japanese Police isn’t all that useless after all.  Great outcome so far.', 'Every democratic and peace loving country should help every Belarusian people who wants to defect or ask political asylum to any country should be granted. How can you live in a totalitarian regime like Belarus and Russia.', 'Belarus is the kind of country republicans want', 'current Belarus=future canada', "CNN why aren't you covering Line3??? Police have been paid 500 000 to arrest Indigenous protestors. Get on it, you have large enough teams. We see your corporate ties.", 'Right ON!!!!!!!!!!! Belarus just showed the world how corrupt they are. Good, now she can represent Poland and I hope she is a winner!', 'She did not criticize the dictator of Belarus or the system. She just expressed that she was entered in a race without her knowledge or consent. For that, this girl, will be punished and most likely jailed. This is what dictatorial regimes were and still are in Europe. Thank you to Poland for offering to help her immediately. I hope she will be safe.', "Russia and China   wah wah how come we can't rule the world", "I'm polish and I seriously wish her all the best, she obviously was stressed and concerned and I'm glad the embassy was able to provide help to her, I hope that she'll be safe here, again I wish her all the best <33", 'Lushenko is in Putin’s hip pocket and NO horror is too much for either one of these dictators to inflict upon anyone speaking out against them. This athlete probably just saved her life by seeking asylum in Japan.', 'Authoritarian countries like China and Belarus, no freedom or human rights.', '..." we don\'t know,how? lucky to be American and experience such! lavish freedom,which is nightmare in majority of the world".😎🇺🇲👊2️⃣0️⃣2️⃣1️⃣🎶🎶', 'That’s crazy, they tried to use her like she is a race horse', 'Do they speak Polish in Belarus?', 'how about her family ?', 'Dump would have done this to the women’s soccer team if he could.', 'Jumps from one Far Right country to another Far Right country. Well, she will be safer in Poland, at least, so good luck to her and her husband.', '♥️she is defecting so to speak. Must be bad.', 'dear god , causing quakes to bring more buildings down. never build on shifting sand. build upon the rock. the rock of christ jesus!|', 'Huh huh.  Her last name is Wang', 'Poor thing, now her family is in danger, too.  Their president is what Drumpf aspires to be...', "Belarus is where Jared Kushner's Grandparents were born.", 'Wow, this Olympics sucks. What next? So many greats unable to compete.', 'Free Assange!', 'I know S. Biles is thankful she not Belarusian.', "It's what the US would have turned into if Chump was allowed to continue with his dictatorship...", 'Death western imperialism government', 'Belarusian is that the plane hijackers what are they doing at the Olympics anyway', 'And this WILL be our own future,  which is not so far away, if we dont act & stay engaged....there is a Far Right Authoritarian movement going on, it seems, in the West, in particular,  the good ole USA! 🤨', 'When you get to Poland be careful what you eat?', "AMERICA seems to be on a similar trajectory. Very soon, we won't see much difference between the U.S. and other fascist and or dictatorial world powers.", 'Biden and Democrat Party \nMade Fraud Presidential Election in November 2020', "Don't send that lady back to that much of sad sacks", "Oh, ya, she's  crazy for wanting to live somewhere with more freedom. Call her crazy to diffuse her real concerns.", 'Fuck yeah. Glad countries are doing their job', "We pray for your safety 🙏 Kristina! God bless you. C'mon America 🇺🇸 😢 STEP UP FOR THIS WOMEN !!!!!. GIVE KRISTINA ASYLUM🙏🏼🙏🏼 !!!!!!", 'Wish some of our American athletes that hate America would just stay in another country.', 'Meanwhile, Biden administration makes America just like this girls home.', 'CNN is a joke. Not one story on Joe Biden in 45 articles !! Propaganda news!!', 'America has given refuge to over 1,000,000 Central American sprinters in 2021.', 'I suspect Biden will invade Poland in September.', "Why don't are flag disrespecting athletes refuse to return home? We couldn't be that lucky.", "can you believe that , Imagine if American was allowed to take it out on the  Olympians that  dishonor our American anthem and our Flag. Guess they would have to flee to Poland eh'", 'Japan is one of the safest countries in the world - so glad they intervened and protected her .. I hope she will be safe and not have to live in fear ...And continue to do what she loves ..', 'Good for her. Let’s see what the critics are saying about her elecoectef brutality in her country .,because you sure bashed the supposedly free black athletes from the US USA who protest against the Known bad  treatment for blacks here by the systemic racism that has always existed. But what y’all racist.', 'Send her to Poland for improperly wearing a mask. She should know better.', 'Far braver than that Biles chump.', 'The Americans will save the Chechen people from the genocide carried out by the Russians! .. God bless America!', 'She denied an attempted forced flight because she feared for her safety for exercising her human rights. The title makes it seem as if she did wrong.  Belarus are the ones to blame. "Belarus athlete given Polish asylum" is a better, fairer more accurate headline', 'Her ENTIRE family should GET OUT of Belarus.', 'Screw the Olympics. U go woke. U go broke.', 'how is her situation different from people of china speaking bad about their government and being put un jail or worse?? terrible but i hate how selective cnn and others are , cnn and the left cover for china every single day , they all get chinese money', "and even that corrupt government didn't want to help tRump", 'Ok. No skin off my apple', 'CNN ABOLISH THE MASK.', "Better make sure she doesn't fly anywhere near Belarus to get to Poland.", 'If one reads about Russia, you will understand why\n( I know some very educated Russian expats )\nPeople want to leave that country.', 'hello ooh my god 😣😣', 'Belarus shows up the E.U. as being completely ineffectual in supporting the aims of the people of Europe. How can the E.U. not have spoken out on this?', 'Her husband has got to Ukraine.', 'This is what the USA has failed at for so many', 'What kinda country is belarus?', 'She’s obviously in a terrible position and shouldn’t have to deal with any of this, but doesn’t seem very switched on to the dangers of what she’s doing. She’s basically condemned her family to potentially be arrested/tortured/used as a method of manipulating her to come back. \n\nIf she really wanted to make a point about her treatment at the Olympics she could have gone back to Belarus, lay low for a while and warn her family of what she was going to do and give them the chance to leave first. Could have then left Belarus and come out with all this at that point.', 'Gp MUTHU', "She's not safe and she's right", 'If she has family back in Belarus, they are in big, big trouble!!!At least she is safe in Polish embassy!!!God Bless people of Belarus!!!', 'There will  millions of athletes from poor African country. Stea!ing money poor people in africa.private jet subscribers to join compete Olympic Refugee', 'If you have an opportunity to flee a Right-wing dictatorship, you take it.', "dear lord ! your opinion doesn't mean a thing . your commentary can't be confirmed. it's just chatter|", "Hey North Korea 🇰🇵, great news. You're not the most authoritarian and brutal dictatorship anymore (🇧🇾).", '*Yeah, it is more important to cover the story of one single “athlete” rather than the story of thousands demonstrating for their most basic freedom through the streets of Europe and elsewhere... Very telling editorial choices by CNN, as usual...!* 🙈🙉🙊', 'she ran to safety', 'Good for Poland, but she still needs to be guarded as Lukashenko just murdered a dissenter in Kyev a couple of days ago.', "The Jinx Master says= Dirty Birds shouldn't Fly CNN= Enjoy yer Jinx=BLACK MAGIC MATTERS", 'I thank God every day that trump lost the election by 7 million votes or in 4 year we Americans would of had a dictator just like her country has now. Donald\'s favorite line started 5 years ago is "Lock Them Up!".', 'Belarus-is what Republicans want America to become.. ..', 'someone can tell me how abama could become president of America when he was not born in America who put him who invested money in him by the way now he became a billionaire amazingly and all silent journalists where you', 'Good morning lock out why with  the lock why could the lock lock out the lock and nothing else but the key could open The lock  legally?', 'says a lot about belarus that poland is where she’s looking for safety', 'All of the trump people should go to Belarus', "She'd better make sure that the plane she will take to go to Poland do not fly over Belarus...", "I hope that poor woman is safe. Belarusia is F'd thanks to trump.", 'This kind of shines a little bit of light on what could really happen to the famous black athlete Simone biles', 'They should grant her the right to participate in the refugee team!', 'Western midya propaganda.', 'What if they divert the plane like they did with Protasevich and his girlfriend? Please make sure she’s safe. This is insane.', "CNN and Anderson Vanderbilt's pal Kathy Griffin announces she has lung cancer! AND???", "How do you think the US has Cuban athletes? But swimming in isn't allowed. 😆🖕", 'A preview of the U.S. under Republican control after they voter suppress and gerrymander their way into their own authoritarian fascism.', 'If they forced her to compete in a race that she did not train for then obviously that was sabotage. Shame on Belarus! Well they just got added to the growing list of countries to boycott!', 'Stop showing her photo for her safety duh hello ?', 'Why are dictatorship allowed in Olympics???', 'Bye felicia', 'I was expecting some of the Americans to do this.', 'Covie- 19 not yet to stop', 'CNN helped the USA democrats select the worst world leader ever😂😂😂', "With great powerful friends like Trump's GOP and Rupert Murdoch's Fox News on his side Putin can't lose!", 'Poland is the Chief, Belarus is the bit%$', "American aren't too far off from acting like this when it comes to threatening and forcing athletes to do whatever they want in the name of nationalism.", "She's right... you have no idea how bad it's gotten over there and all of Poland has become so dark, hard right wing too. Belarus just takes the eye off what is happening  because of it's extremity.", 'Trump won', 'Good for her for speaking up, a lot of athletes showing bravery in speaking up for themselves this Olympics', 'hello everybody❤️❤️', 'She is defecting and wearing a mask', 'So, more about what Russia has always been about. It is an extremely oppressive country.', "We don't care stay out", 'POLSKA!!!', 'The Olympics are all about money and politics.   I feel sorry for the athletes who come there simply to compete.', 'respecting the outcome of honest elections    is the best  path  and ends  dictatorships  . it dose not  matter   what  people  pick  for leaders  as  long as they   can remove  them  in the  next  election.  who gets the most votes   needs to win  office.  in every nation.', 'If trump was able to succeed with his attempted coup on Jan 6, America would soon become another Belarus. Is that really what the GOP wants America to turn into?', 'Fake news', 'Fake news', "yeah don't worry she's white if was someone from black country you they hey asylum", 'OOPS..Thought it was an American.', "Lol I haven't seen a single afghanistan, Iran,syria,venezuala,honduras,guatemala or any other war torn countries athletes seeking refuge in Tokyo yet!!\nSeems like they would pursue her the same.", "It's all Trumps fault", 'Belarus should be treated like North Korea and All Nations who are authoritarian down with authoritarianism', 'This woman has BALLS!\n👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽‼️', 'A reminder- Russia is no longer a communist dictatorship', 'Good give all her country men women refugee status. She would be jail in that country. The president there is a dictator. Free the people.', "If this election didn't show the American people that there vote don't count then the American people will never wake-up!\t😒\t|", "She is fleeing the kind of government the insurrectionists stormed to Capital to install on January 6th. Laugh all you want but imagine how an unchallenged Trump would treat the members of the US Women's Soccer team given the chance.", "I don't know why the Olympics are even going on? No one cares until this stupid pandemic is over.", 'TU HAI DETTO CHE IO NON HO IL CORAGGIO DI APPARIRE A TE!!! ECCOMI... AMMIRA IL MIO FASCINO FEMMINILE DIVINO SUPERIORE. IO SONO LA DIVINITÀ NR 1 E MADRE DI DIO, MIO FIGLIO TRINO (OUR LADY : AUGUST 28,2016).', 'Why are these women wearing bikinis? Are they sexual objects or athletes?', 'Help help help! The republicans are burning the US to the grown.', 'you know you are evil, when -oland are the good guys', "It's hard to hear parts of the world are so backward.  Trump would like to take us there.", 'Simone take notes this is bravery what you did was childish', 'The world is watching.', 'All the trumpers in the comments trying to play the victim.. all need a new outlook on life...\nTrump Lost 😵🤯😰🤡\nBiden Won 🏆🙌👏😎\nAnyway hope this young lady is safe!', "Speaking of interference in the other nations' affairs. \nPoland scoring browny points in the eyes of the US ( and possibly a trained athlete for themselves). Both, US & Poland currently hard at work trying to break up Belarus from the inside. Their previous project, Ukraine, backfired. On the Ukrainian people. The affair involving glorified blogger, Protasevitch,  fizzled out to become a non-event.", 'The Biden voters should have the illegals that are not tested for the virus live with them!', 'And we care why?', 'Trump won', 'We almost became just like Belarus on January 6. Trump tried to size power, but failed.', 'It was men of religion (the Pharisees and Sadducees) who conspired to have Jesus crucified and without mercy: They talked Pontius Pilate into killing him and Jesus was crucified! – Where to this very day; religions are all led by the many false prophets who are still crucifying his true teaching. Even the pope and all those who preach Christianity are betraying him. All for their 30 pieces of silver in donations. Here follows a summary of his true teaching…\r\n\r\n“God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.” – (at John 4: 24) –\r\n\r\n“In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.” – (at John 5: 24) –\r\n\r\n“Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.” – (at Matthew 7: 15-16) –\r\n\r\n“Do not call any man on earth ‘father’; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called ‘teacher’; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.” – (Matthew 23: 9-10) –\r\n\r\n“Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name…” – (Jesus, at Matthew 24: 4) – \r\n“Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, men’s love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.” – (Matthew 24: 11-14) –\r\n\r\n“I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.” – (John 14: 6-7) –\r\n\r\n“When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. \r\nIn your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. \r\nDo not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. \r\nThis is how you should pray:\r\nOur Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,\r\nYour kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,\r\nGive us today our daily bread, \r\nForgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.\r\nAnd do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. \r\nFor yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. \r\nAmen. \r\nFor if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.” – (at Matthew 6: 6-15) –\r\n\r\n“Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.” – (Matthew 7: 1-2) –\r\n\r\n“Truly I tell you; if anyone obeys my teaching he shall never know what it is to die.” – (John 8: 51) – \r\n\r\n“Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.\r\nEnter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.” – (Matthew 7: 12-14) – \r\n\r\n“I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.\r\nThe thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.” – (John 10: 9-10) –\r\n \r\n“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” – (Matthew 7: 21) –\r\n“I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.” – (John 11: 25-26) –\r\n  \r\n“I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world” – (John 12: 47) – \r\n“Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.” – (Matthew 10: 32-34) –\r\n\r\n“Any plant that is not of my heavenly Father’s planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.” – (Matthew 15: 13-14) –\r\n\r\n“The disciples came to Jesus and asked, ‘Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven?’ \r\nHe called a child, set him in front of them, and said, ‘I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. \r\nLet a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.\r\nAlas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!’”  – (Matthew 18: 1-7) –\r\n\r\n“Though many are called, few are chosen.” – (Matthew 22: 14) – \r\n\r\n“An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: ‘Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?’ He answered, ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. \r\nEverything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.’” – (Matthew 22: 35-40) –\r\n\r\n“There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.” – (John 15: 13) –\r\n\r\n“My task is to bear witness to the truth. For this I was born; for this I came into the world, and all who are not deaf to truth listen to my voice.” – (John 18: 37) –\r\n\r\n“One of the criminals who hung there also mocked and taunted him: ‘Aren’t you the Messiah? Save yourself, and us!’ But the other criminal rebuked him. ‘Have you no fear of God? You are under the same sentence as he. For us it is plain justice; we are paying the price for our misdeeds; but this man has done nothing wrong.’ And he said, ‘Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.’ He answered, “I tell you this: today you shall be with me in Paradise.’” – (Luke 23: 39-43) –\r\n\r\n“For it is my Father’s will that everyone who looks upon the Son and puts his faith in him shall possess eternal life; and I will raise him up on the last day” – (John 6: 40) –\r\n\r\n“Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.” – (Matthew 28: 20) –\r\n\r\nYours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Monday the 2nd of August, 2021: – (Matthew 5:14-16) – Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often before it is too late.', '😲 ound times are to evolve better than revolt is the best choice...do not sign away ur rights to know more is ur choice to pass forward the knowledge for all not the few... nano voice only from sharry edwards... the whole world deserves to know gosia from cosmic agency and sharry edwards in my opinion to open our times to peace globally ! ... is up to each and one of us!|', "luck to her\nfrom one regime to another, she'll need it", 'The Belarusian fighter jets may go after the Polish Airline taking her to Poland. The may want to use a clandestine airline for her refugee visit.', "The Japanese people are humble compassionate people who will always protect the people even if they're not their people.", 'Thrive for better life', 'And people complain about the USA. The most free country in the world', 'Comunism...', 'poor ugandan athlete. nobody tried to help him.', 'Had this weird dream that trump  died. The dream was by jesus', 'maybe USA should have stepped up ...', 'Olympic drama....Belarus sports official all politics 👎', 'Don’t worry Joe Russia Biden will interfere and see that the woman is sent back to Russia.', 'More Sanctions ..!!!...No aid for Military..!!..etc..!!....Protect This Woman...Horrible Country ..!!!.. Human Rghts Groups...world wide...\nAmnesty international....should be investigating W.H.O...United Nations...All should Push Back on\nBelarus...Hell On Earth ..For Citizens ..in Dictatorship..Terrible', 'I hope that all this passes, Lord, without taking anything from my strength.....💙', 'On my YouTube, a clip from SATC came up, talking about the expression "He\'s Just Not That Into You"\n\nI\'m not desperate for a guy who\'s "that into me."\n\nI\'m looking for female and male friends.\n\nAt my age I\'m not expecting romance.', 'How does it feel to be dying out CNN?', 'Is Belarus a Communist Country?', '😟 talk about a fake smile--------- she over doing it.. people i hope you understand that. and is this the fake pelsi or the real one.???|', "One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one's Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈", 'As a gay man and activist of human rights i would have accepted the offer of France isntead. Poland is not the most democratic country either but it is better than Belarus definetly', "The president Joe Biden & the democrats are to slow against the Mafia Donald Trump, Since leaving office, he's acting like he's above the law, with all the crimes he's accused of in office, before office & after office, still walking free, I done think you can advise other countries about democracy anymore", 'Koerva Belarus', 'UNO intervention is needed, unfortunately Russia will put veto on any resolution of the security council...', 'В конгрессе США должны рассмотреть третий ядерный удар по Японии! Потому что они запретили Симоне привезти ее любимый наркотик, который запрещен в Японии для всех граждан страны, в следствии чего США проиграла русским, хрупким и стройным девочкам, а это походу явное сотрудничество с Путиным. Ядерный удар!!! Ну как минимум МОК и ВАДА должны отстранить Японию от следующих Олимпийских игр!', 'I love asian women they are very hot and they are very beautiful like Selina Wang', 'Good to know that these belarussins are welcome wherever they want to go I wonder what makes them so special🤔', 'CNN is going to go down as the biggest JOKE in history', 'Funny how people flee from communist countries but a large number of Americans want communism.', 'Russia is no better than Belarus.', 'Trump won by landslide', "Wtf is going on in Belarus? Her criticism was barely criticism. She stated publicly that she was told she'd be competing in an event last minute. That's it. The team reps must have been really embarrassed by that and clearly can't handle the slightest whiff of dissent, WOW. I didn't know things were that bad.", 'This is what America will do when and if the GOP get power again or even if Trump was elected. We must take down fascism authoritarianism!!', 'Hello', 'Doomsday.', "Lier's", '😡😡😡', 'Cnn ce', '# defect  ????', "From the look of things, It can't be overemphasized that, Cash is thrash! Three best and surprisingly easy ways to double/hold your funds in Cripto, Real Estates, someone give me the third ...........", 'S', 'Black widow???', 'WHY WONT BIDEN LET IN REFUGEES FROM CUBA??? THOSE PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING AND WOULD LOVE TO COME TO AMERICA, LIKE SOUTH AMERICAN MIGRANTS.', 'SHOCKING CNN doesnt have Trump involved here', "That's wht Trump should not be president again. Trump almost acts like the government from Belerus. Trump is dangerous. If he's president again. You don't know what Trump might do. Trump was a terrible president for the world to follow.", 'What are they running for?', 'She’s very pretty. Would guys agree?', "Oh when an African athlete does this very thing he's sent straight home and thrown in jail.", 'This fella running Belarus sounds like the spawn of Donald Trump.', 'Faux News : "Lefty athlete protesting instead of running! LOCK HER UP!"', 'Only a Republican would dislike this', 'Is this host the CNN version of MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow?', 'In the last years I have SEEN GOD THREE TIMES, THE MADONNA, ARCANGELO RAFFAELE, GABRIELE TWICE AND MICHELE. HUGE HONOR AND PRIDE. IMMENSE JOYS AND SATISFACTIONS', 'The vanilla cookie with chocolate filling, Anderson, Don, and Rachael is so good.  It gives me the runs.', 'who at cnn in charge of this video sound volume?  sound volume is poor - can hardly hear reporters or host.', "GET VACCINATED....I did my part.  I'm 67, feel safe, feel good.  Don't let the evil GOP make this a political issue and play Russian Roulette with your LIFE.", '2% of people who are watching this comment I wish their parents still alive more than 100 years 💝💝💖💖God bless you 😘😘😘😘', 'CNN treated Nick sandmann wrong\n\nPlease treat me right.\n\nI can forgive.', 'Lukashenko is a tyrant.\nSic semper tyrannis.', "TALK ABOUT THE WUHAN LAB YOU DEMORATS 👊🇱🇷 WE'RE TAKING THIS COUNTRY BACK IN 6 MONTHS 💪🇱🇷💯", 'I’m sure the US athletes feel the same way returning back to joe Biden’s America.', 'SOMEDAY MY CHANNEL WILL BE NOTICED', 'Please talk movies ray lui actor', 'Joe Bidens gaffe at the G7 summit sparks laughter from world leaders. 😆🤣😂'], ["'This is why we don't take medical advice from politicians.' Amen", '😂 imagine the people that actually eat this stuff up', "'This is why we don't take medical advice from politicians.' Amen", "Since when did everybody care about other people's health?", "DELTA VARIANT? PLEASE EXPLAIN WHAT TEST YOU'RE USING TO DETERMINE THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE 2 VIRUSES. IN DETAIL.", 'Kirk: "How long is this pandemic going to last, Bones?"\nMcCoy: "Dammit, Jim; I\'m a doctor, not a politician!"', 'Does this Dr. know anything about Informed Consent? I wonder if he screens his patients before he forces them into doing medical procedures. Does he know anything about the risks involved or alternatives to this medical procedure. \nAnyway, those people who choose to not get vaccinated should Armor themselves!! Studies show that zinc, Quercetin, vit D, vit C, NAC, and your traditional herbal antivirals work. Check out Drs go over alternatives. Medcram channel episode#59.', 'The current vaccines have absolutely no affect on slowing the spread of the delta variant.', "First thing you learn in college statistics. Statistics don't lie, however people lie with statistics!", 'Wasn\'t Herman Cain really into "9-9-9"? If he would\'ve been less cavalier he could still be alive today to hear 99.999% to his great satisfaction.', 'It was always 99.9% survival rate even before the vaccine WTH!?', "I'd rather take advice from my generator.", '*Newborn Baby:* "This whole push seems fishy to me."', 'Good! So vaccinated people can all mind their own business, since other peoples decisions regarding the vaccine don’t affect them right???!', 'Well I have a less than 0.001% chance of dying from coronavirus WITHOUT the vaccine', '"That data it\'s so concrete there" she says while asking 0 probing or clarifying questions, definitely not propaganda. Damn right we\'re not going to see lockdowns because we\'re simply not doing this again, we let you take our freedom for some BS once it ain\'t happening again.', '25x higher than .001% is only .025% right?  Still quite low', "The people who haven't got the vaccine at this point never will. Give up already.", '“99.999%. Harry, could you translate those odds for us?”  Good grief...', '"They SHOULD be afraid and going out and getting vaccinated."  \nSTILL using FEAR aye? Just listen to Charlie Chester.\nDoes fear derive from God or the devil?', 'imagine still talking about covid. 😂😂😂😂 like bro, they are sick.', "The fact that this video has nearly two times more dislikes than likes really exposes the state of people's trust in the media", '"If anything, the vaccine is too safe!" - Hank Aaron', 'you can smell the desperation from the Cabal.', 'A lot of lies in such a short time, but hey it’s CNN so what else would one expect?', 'Lol, everyone started to relax and we got to scare them again.', "They seem so damned excited about this ongoing tragedy. Like, happy excited rather than anxiously excited. Look, I'm vaccinated, I scored my second shot last Wednesday, but their tone seems like something right out of The Price is Right.", 'they are desperate to jab you!  dont trust these people', 'Jesus, this is the time we need to focus more and more on our savior because he is the way the truth and life ! AMEN GOD BLESS YOU ALL', 'Not nearly as "mind boggling" as CNN is! Cuomo brothers need to take them with them!! 🇺🇸', 'Just get the vaccine so we can all move on with the New World Order, sheesh.', "We're almost 2 years into this and this is where we are!", 'These goalposts must be on wheels...', '“that’s so concrete” rlllly?!?!', 'And the dehumanisation is in full swing I expect to be hauled into a camp any day now. How people never learn from history', '“They should be scared” haha! Of a virus? You wish!! 🤣🤣🤣', "If it's so rare, why do I know someone who passed away from covid even though they took the Johnson and Johnson vaccine?", 'These comments are the best ever. You guys rock... 99.9999 %percent of you guys are awesome...', "So bored w/the anti vax, literally couldn't care less. Me and mine are moving on.", 'HA! So you have a 99.999% chance of surviving any breakthrough infection if you’re vaccinated - For a virus that has a 99.9% recovery rate. Does anybody remember THOSE odds??', 'People are dying so fast and I’m seeing it with my own eyes..', 'Wowww!! Soooo instead of saying .0001% die 6 months ago 99.999% survive today… nice switch.. got it!', "so, if unvaccinated people have a 25 times greater chance of dying, and the vaccinated have a 99.99% chance of surviving, wouldn't that mean the unvaccinated still have a 99.75% chance of survival?", 'Wasnt it 99% to begin with no vaccine', 'I feel much safer being unvaccinated and intend to keep it that way, no matter what the government may do.', "CONGRATULATIONS to all the people currently serving as subjects in the world's most extensive vaccine animal trials! \nCan't wait to see the results over the next few years. Good luck heroes!!!", 'Haha they still trying these fake number stunts oh my goodness', "Can you link the studies that have been mentioned?\nI would rather read the information for myself than have other people tell me left from right.\nIf you are going to reference an outside document, it's good practice to provide links to those documents.", 'Lies and more lies from this evil man', 'That was the survival rate before Covid vaccines !!!   Mind blowing !', 'So I have a .025% of dying if not vaxed lol', 'The Great Culling of the stupid and crazy people from the herd.  GO COVID!!!!!!😀', "So he is saying that if you are vaccinated it's .001% chance of dying and those who are not vaccinated have a 25x chance of dying? So it would be a .025% of dying? Is my math correct?", 'I love how cnn gets ratios in almost every video 😂👎', 'So there’s another interview where a doctor just said vaccinated are still highly susceptible to getting the virus but yet it’s 99.99 percent effective…doesn’t add up to me', 'They told us at the very beginning “we need to protect the elderly and compromised “!', 'I feel like the first guest is doing a parody of my grandmother', 'Fun fact i was in my local er .  Not one person in there for covid.  Broken bones . Cancer. Infections whole gambit.  But whatever happened to that flue or flue shot hahahahab', "Bravo bravo excellent performance one of my favorite parts were this is concrete,oh not to forget the CHILDREN!!!\nIn the words of my mother don't have the brains God gave a piss ant.", 'god bless us,may god bless you 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 love ❤️ is the only way ❤️|', 'My doctor said I need to take this drug but it only works if everyone takes it so now I yell at others to take it 🤔', 'They called me a madman. And what I predicted came to pass', 'After that start getting rid of all the District and Prosecuting attorneys Soros has paid to put in place.\t😥\t|', 'I want to know which one of these rich clowns in the media, and in the Govt own stocks in Biontech. So I can determine just how much bias is lining their pockets.', "My question is this .why that needle have to be that dam long? Yep I'm afraid of syringes!", '"But its time to also add some of the others way to ENCOURAGE people, by TAKING THINGS AWAY "\n\nisn\'t that forcing and discriminating in a litteral way', '"The welfare of humanity is always the alibi of tyrants"   \n Albert Camus', 'I have an immune system. Unfortunately Covid-19 doesn’t believe in qualified immunity.', "Their whole life sheep are scared of the wolf but, in the end, it's the shepherd that eats them.", 'The media needs brought under control!!, Lie after lie.', 'Your body your choice it’s amazing DEMOCRAPS/ their Media partners mandating this', 'Okay so you’re saying the odds of me dying from COVID 19 if I am not vaccinated is only .025 out of 100. So most everything else in this world is just as dangerous. Pretty sure I am good with those odds.', 'My mom was hospitalized two weeks after getting the vaccinated from Covid like symptoms.… The same symptoms she had a year ago when we both got Covid.', 'Unvaccinated are confident in their natural immune system which is much safer than trial vacs', 'You certainly got the “Mind Boggling” part right. 🤡\nBut then CNN has been boggling minds for over 25 years. You are turning your regular viewers brains into scrambled eggs.', 'Imagine a vaccine that’s so effective:  those who have gotten it are worried about those that haven’t...', '"It\'s all nutter butter!"', 'Yes!!! My pharmacy portfolio nearly doubled. \nGET THE VACCINE -  Go go go 🤗', 'Mind-boggling Revelation about the vaccinated. You can spread it to the unvaccinated. Prove me wrong', 'The company that did the poll they used is doing awfully well on the market.. up 74.5% this year No possible corruption there.', 'Nope, not mind boggled by this!😂', 'Anyone who follows CNN for medical advice and their 24/7 fear mongering (notice how they ALWAYS have that box up) needs some serious medical help!!', 'BUT, you must continue to wear a mask! Clowns news network', 'Are we going to make the unborn wear a mask or get the vaccine', '"60 percent of the time, it works every time"', '"Mind boggling" i laughed out loud.', "U see them driving around by themselves.wearing masks.then going through a McDonald's drive through for a burger. The BrAinWasHed folk. They cant be trusted.", 'But why should the vaccinated bear those financial costs? Insurers, led by government programs, should declare that medically-able, eligible people who choose not to be vaccinated are responsible for the full financial cost of COVID-related hospitalizations, effective in six weeks.', 'I thought it was over 70% of Americans were vaccinated. Just more lies', '8:00 "Are there any other tools in the box?" \n"Yeah, Fauci\'s working on something even better in the Wuhan lab!"', 'you’ve got to be kidding me😂', 'This all feels like an infomercial,  at this point. Can I take a different coloured pill?', "Something just doesn't add up with these vaccines.", "I don't think these people know what they are talking about,because they said get the shot and you be protected from the Covid.\nSO my questions is why is people now dying  that haste shot.", 'I feel like all the news is now is arguments to use on social media.', 'Just came from a news vid of a women in florida women who suffered covid after vax and three of her siblings who were vaxed/jabbed were hospitalized afterward from covid', 'My wife works as an rn and told me today they have a fully vaccinated patient who caught covid and is now on full life support. Must be the only guy in the country I guess.', "The husband of my wife's friend suddenly past away 10 days after getting the vaccine. So yeah i trust you CNN...", 'This is madness', '“It’s mind boggling!” “You should be afraid!” “It’s nutter butter!” 🤓\U0001f978🤡', 'Wow they really do push the whole "your gonna die of covid" narrative in America', 'I always wear a mask when I go into a business.  I will not wear one outside if not in a crowd.', 'Weren’t the percentages of death that low before the vaccine?', "The video I watched before this one said. You can still get it vaccinated or not. Then here's this video", "Having gotten the vaccine, i got it because i was afraid of being an asymptomatic spreader. I wasn't even worried about going to the hospital or dying. Kinda irritated that they have changed the story now that it turns out you can spread it all over the place anyway.", 'So if I volunteer myself for this medical experiment, my chances of survival goes up a whopping .02%?! YAY SCIENCE!!', 'My body, my choice!!!! Are they gonna sensor that too?', 'CNN... your credibility is going down the drain yet they still double down or even tripple, quadruple down on your lies.', 'I dont care about the so-called "cases". Exactly how many deaths per day?', '"Senior political writer" this is clearly who you should take medical advice from....', 'Go over to Hodge Twins page and watch them break this report down.', "Let's wait till fall and winter because that is when the numbers go up.", 'Harry Enten is not a medical physician, he does not have a medical license nor has he ever practiced medicine in any hospital.', 'Aaaand still not terrified! Uh oh skettio!', 'That\'s funny, because 98 percent of people recover from covid, with or without the "vaccines".', 'ALL NEWS ABOUT PRINCE ANDREW IS UNAVAILABLE HERE IN BRITAIN. SOME DEMOCRACY WE LIVE IN', 'Biden : get vaccinated \nCnn : Don’t take medical advice from politicians', "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", 'Why is CNN pedalling vaccines? Just the news folks. This has infomercial vibes', "Don't believe it and I don't care what they claim. There hasn't been enough time pass in order for reporters to be so confident in their claims.", 'Since when was the purpose of the/a vaccine to make symptoms less bad?', 'Is that 25 times 0.0001 %??? 😭🤣😭', 'How do these stats change when we factor in vaccines that weren’t FDA approved?', 'is this a infomercial for vacation. lol 😂', 'an example of evolution at work selecting for rationality and intelligence.', 'CNN gets its mind boggled too easily .', "Coz they'll die of side effects which wont be listed as Covid!", 'WE WILL NEVER! YOU DEMON GHOULS', '"they should be afraid" There we go, at least they\'re admitting it now.', 'All we can be sure of is getting misinformation or disinformation…THAT is what is mind boggling …', 'The people in my work place who wore masks got covid..Its bullshit..', 'You puppets need to talk about the negative side effects that the vaccinated are suffering from. Talk about that??', '99.999% of CNN is fake news.\n\nJust laugh and spin it back 180° folks 👍', 'I’d rather trust an alley of hobos with medical advice before I listen to CNN 😒', "I don't need a vaccination and that is that my body my choice.", '🤣🤣🤣🤣  CNN,   you have a 99% surviving with out the vax  too,   🤣🤣🤣', 'Of course you think it is great that corporations are making policies.', 'Did anyone else burst out laughing when hearing "nutter butter"', 'Whats the osha rating on those masks', 'I am probably too far gone and there is probably nothing that is going to talk me into getting vaccinated against this disease. With that being said, I just want to take a moment to commend you that this is a better approach than some of the other methods that you have tried. Keep using simple raw data and anecdotal stories then you will have more success. The only ingredient that you were still missing is a touch of forthrightness about some of the legitimate concerns that people have about the vaccine. If you can find a way to work that in I think you will get a lot farther. People want simple numbers and personal stories more than they want bumper sticker mantras but more than anything they want to believe that they have been understood. If you continue to berate and insult people as you have been up to this point you will have the exact opposite of what you were trying to accomplish', 'Judgment (pestilence): Plot against an anointed of God. \n\n"Therefore thus saith the Lord, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them".\nJeremiah 11:11\nJeremiah 2:22\nJeremiah 33: 3', 'Whilst I have no mathematical basis for this (much like the presenters of CNN), I deem the risk of taking an experimental vaccine at GREATER THAN 0.0025%. Maybe as much as 1 billion times higher, why not.', 'You can fool some of the people all the time,\nYou can fool all of the people some of the time,\nBut you cannot fool all of the people all the time…..\n\n….and that’s where we are. This epic lie has to stop NOW.', 'How’d you’d get the 25 percent chance of the unvaccinated dying due to covid?', "I'd advise open carry :) iiier", "Blow these ball's and I'll get the shot juicy fruit, do it!", '" They should be afraid" I think that says it all.', "Pinocchio's nose by now has grown past the moon.  These experts change the meaning of the word experts to crooks.", "I know people that are unvaccinated and don't wear masks they just don't care and I'm still seeing people having big parties why can't people listen so we can go back to normal im high risk and im tired of being stuck at home because of other people's carelessness", "James Smith the Chairman of the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a London-based charity supported by the global news and information provider.\n\nHe sits on Pfizer Pharmaceuticals as a board member.  \nConflict of interests wouldn't you think. \n\nhttps://www.pfizer.com/people/leadership/board-of-directors/james_smith", "Wow..Talk to people who work in these hospitals..they will tell you it's no worse than normal or they are ghost towns..", "I'm really glad they emphasized the numbers are the numbers 🤣", 'Wow! CNN Really does Hires Employees that are Supporters of the Public School System. That Math is.......Somethin🤔🤦🤦.', 'Get the boosters😷', 'Lone Wattie told Mr. Carpetbagger " You Drink It"', 'we should be afraid, and we should accept their false narratives. but we’re not going to, so no thank you 😂😂😂 try harder.', 'This is all "nutter butter." Super "concrete" stats- that are "mind-boggling" and "crazy"  LOL', '*Rules for thee, not for me.*\n*We can do what we want, when we want, to whomever we want.*\n\n                   - Cuomo brothers', 'Why do they want us to be afraid so bad?', 'This is why I don’t watch cnn since I was 13 years old 😀😀😀', "My lungs are protected by a heavy layer of poison tar. I'm not worried about your silly cold.", 'After listening to this report my mind is boggled.', 'So .017 vs .001 is only 25 times what ???', 'That was the stats before vaccination. 🤣', 'well isnt the death rate almost that low already?!?!', 'What about the RT-PCR recall?  What test tests Delta?', "99.99% chance they're full of...", 'Got the vaccine in March. Feeling just great!', 'I have a feeling he knows all about nutter butter', 'How much covid, could a covid test test, if a covid test, could test, covid?', '99.9%🤣🤣🤣🤣I love seeing that stat on goods 🤭', 'CNN: "Mind boggling data"\nMy Math: .001% chance -vs- .025% chance. Yep, that\'s earth shattering shit right there.', '25 x near 0 = near 0 no wonder Bill Gates supports "math is racist"', "There will always be outbreaks \nThe viruse doesn't give a shit if your vaxed or not it will mutate around your vaccine. Your welcome", 'Is it better for your immune system if you catch the virus with or without the vaccine, and then recover?', 'CNN is the new Cartoon Network', 'So the new split in the world vaccinated vs unvaccinated. Let the war begin.', "For me, the real question is: what is the difference between now and the days when all our mothers just naturally brought us to get our vaccinations (vaccinations that, by the way, pretty much wiped out polio, whopping cough, small pox, chicken pox, etc)??  What has changed? \nThe procedure for developing the covid vax was virtually identical, albeit accelerated, as other vaccines/medications.  We've had 7+ months to watch the results, statistically all positive.  What is the difference now?\nPoliticization, exacerbated by misinformation all around, spearheaded by a known psychopath, Trump.  Why is this such a heated debate?", "It's not wrong tho, but it's funny how they present it. If you're unvaccinated the chance of surviving i 99% if you're vaccinated the chance of surviving is 99.999%. When they say vaccinated people have a 25 times higher chance of surviving they're really making it seem extraordinary.", 'My God they just don’t want to give it up lol! The Clowns.News.Network.', 'Seems to me that if your chance of getting really sick or dying is "25 times higher!" than .0001 then your chance if dying is %.0025. Driving to town is more dangerous', 'CNN -- You are no longer recognized as a credible source of unbiased information.', '25x higher than a tiny tiny % is still a tiny %...', 'So why are they now saying we may need to get a boaster every 6 months ?', "It's not my personal choice to be not vaccinated? Who's choice is it then? 🤔", 'My body my choice', '“Let’s push a medication instead of pushing healthier lifestyle choices.”\n-the government and media', 'So a 99.999 survival vs approx 99.975% oh my whatever shall we do?', 'What percentage of people overall are dying from covid?', 'What about ppl who had it and have natural antibodies, where are the stats on that?', 'His face when she says "99.999%" says it all.', "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", 'Harry enten- "senior political news writer and analyst"\nWTF...... SO HES NOT A SCIENTIST???', "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", "LYING! That's all that comes out of CNN!", 'Aliens that own society behind the scenes in disingenuous ways are 25 ..25 times more likely to lie to you.', "It's not mind boggling. Nothing is anymore once you read between the lines.", 'I love the 14k 👎🏼keep that going cause this is bull!', 'Pure comedy', 'It is so pathetic when democrats make a scene like they really care. Oh pleaseeee!', 'So what about the virus coming from the southern border?', 'must come up with a media  category for oscar awards..', '"The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see."\n- Lou Bega', 'How about those who CANT take the vaccine. How about those who had covid.', 'Haha worried about vaccines..... keep taking your regular experimental  medications and then start reading the side effects....cherry picking fools....most have been vaccinated before school age for other pandemic related diseases...mumps etc', 'Mind Boggling : Anyone ever listened to Fauci', "They're blatantly trying to scare us", 'How are they coming up with "stats" when the vaccinated contracting c19 circus is just starting!?', 'There not even trying to hide the brainwashing anymore lmao', 'Wow they are really trying! I can’t believe they don’t really know and still continue to lie! Smh! Please continue to wear masks and if you don’t have to be around a lot of people, don’t be around a lot of people!', 'Fear mongering at its finest right here…', 'No thanks, I have something called an immune system. Ever heard of it?', 'Harry Enten: Senior Political writer and analyst, doesn’t sound like a scientist or doctor to me. Misinfo', 'lol....\n(CNN) Fully vaccinated people who get a Covid-19 breakthrough infection can transmit the virus, US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Rochelle Walensky said Thursday.', 'When is the biggest stock holder of these vaccine como BlackRock vanguard state street. Who also owns  Media. ........ manufactured consent to transfer wealth and property... BlackRock Vanguard state street', 'CDC says that vaccinated people still spread the covid virus.', 'Líe,lie and lie something will stay in the minds of humanity', 'Thank you for allowing comments CNN.', 'How is CNN still a news network??', 'The frickin children survive...the vaccine has more adverse reactions than are being reported...myocardis and heart attacks...wtf...why cant anyone give a nuanced view...science is dead...long live the ministry of truth', 'A recent study conducted on large public gatherings by the CDC reported a 75% COVID-19 infection rate among fully vaccinated individuals. Barnstable County, Massachusetts, in July 2021', 'Now that people realize you can get COVID with the vaccine, they start telling us that you can only survive COVID if you have the vaccine lmao what a joke', 'The more I watch cnn the less I want to get vaccinated', 'criminal what has happened in this Country', "It's Minorities 3 to 1 not getting it but they still say it's white supremist not getting it lol", 'Please compare those who are vaccinated with those who take 0.2 mg per kg of body weight of Ivermectin weekly as prophylaxis and supplement with vitD3 at least 10,000iu daily. I think you would find they are equally protected with a decreased risk of dangerous side effects. \nMany of those who are not yet vaccinated are not “anti-vaxers” but are waiting for a safer vaccine or one without the taint of abortion.', 'MY GOD IDIOCRACY IS REAL (THEMOVIE)', 'Mind boggling lies coming from cnn more like it', 'What a load of BS!', 'Why not require people to also get the flu shot every year?', 'STEVIE WONDER 😎 COULD SEE THROUGH ALL THIS BULL💩!!! 👀🙄', 'How do they know its going to get worse? maybe because they read it off the prompter.', 'Not taking science and recommendations from politicians but from computer sales people!?! 👍🏼', "Hey! Where's Andrew Cuomo? Your superhero governor? C'mon man! Someone told me there's a story about him just breaking!", 'Heard a rumour injecting bleach is a cure all, including intellectual deficiency…is this true?', 'Year 2022: “we are now offering $10,000 for each person to get vaccinated”', 'There are no full hospitals in Oregon....', 'Just tried to use this video to explain what the corrupt media is doing but instead they thought I was trying to be anti-vax ... they missed my whole point completely.', '😂', "Omg guy do the math this is so scary I'm more likely to die in a car wreck on the way to get the shot then to dive colvin I'm so scared", '"The numbers we show, they should be afraid, they should be afraid"...', '99.9999% 😂🤣😂 I never clicked off a video so fast', 'They really just make these numbers up.', ':)', '99.99999 % not die, but why you wear double masks? Lol', 'The silver lining in all this is that at least Darwin law will do its work and the average QI might go up as a result', 'Actual figures and not percentages should also be given', '0.001 x 25 = 0.025', 'Way to go to sell this vaccine ,how much do you get per dose?', 'Her dimples and his huge eyebrows make me want to run out and get 15 extra shots!! This is a movie scripted “interview”.', '“How to lie was statistics“ they must’ve just hung up with Bill Gates!🤯🙀🙄', '"Just north of a thousand" people that died from getting vaccinated.  That\'s insane.  And how far north are we talking about?', 'Does the vaccine developed at warp speed in 2020 protect you from the Delta strain?', "If it ain't broke, don't fix it !", "Someday you'll look upon this and be ashamed", 'WOW first they  start out this by saying “only north of 1,000 people have died” in the first :40 seconds. With a straight face. SMH. That’s all I needed.', 'Vaxed can still get the damn virus.', 'The bot spam hit and run is strong on this video.', 'I’m scared of the vaccine \nThey need to', "I like how they say it's all Trump supporters, 174 million. If this was true wouldn't they be dead by now? Keep telling yourselves that CNN.", 'The news media is failing and you can see it right here for yourself', "So let's put all are eggs in one basket. If we make everyone get a shot and some long term problems happens then what. O sorry ya your all going to    .", 'My mind is boggled from this mind boggling clip', 'Oh really 99.999 just like how handsanitizer kills 99.9 percent of germs obviously lies', "What's the odds without the vaccine?  CNN has shown that  it has an agenda despite the facts.", '“It’s nutter butter.”', 'CNN has less than 13 million subscribers...', 'This is not news. This is propaganda!', "They say don't do drugs, so why are ppl letting dem stick needles in their arms, is that stronger than herione, I see the booster shot is already out, well just don't over dose yourself and to you addicts with needle arms drive safe, but not under the influence of drugs.", 'CNN science and medicine panel of experts, LOL', 'The only thing "mind boggling"  about this is cnn is still watched.', "Such a shame how they're just trying to push this on people... The more they push the more we're not going to get it.", 'What about the ones who dies from thde vaccine?', 'Why not give % chance of surviving without the vaccine?', 'Your choice. Get the vaccine. Your family and friends don \'t want to hear you say, "I wish I had." Trump has. Melania has. I\'ll bet Governor DeSantis has. Please. Think of your family.', 'I bet the play Operation on their off days.', 'How do they come up with these numbers', "I'm one of the 16% that is fully vaccinated and I don't wear a mask away from home, voluntarily. That's why I got vaccinated, to be free of the mask.\nI have a mask with me, in case some place requires it.", 'oh my propaganda! I have a hard time stomaching this.', 'CNNs gonna need dominion and SmartMatic for their comment sections next lol', 'Haha nice to see .00000000001% of the population commenting hahaha', 'Lies that unvaccinated are not the problem it’s the vaccinated that spreading the virus around .', 'Unvaccinated have over a 99 percent chance of survival hahaha', "Numvers are unbelievable lolllll  I, an give you number it doesn't means they are true. People are dumber than ever", 'Like watching a late night infomercial. It’s a sales pitch basically', '🤣🤣🤣', 'No Thamks', '25x0 still equals zero.', "Vaccinated people make up 75% of recent COVID-19 cases in › world › asia-pacific › vaccinate...\r\nJul 23, 2021 — Singapore has already inoculated nearly 75% of its 5.7 million people, the world's second-highest after the United Arab Emirates, a Reuters ...", 'How can an unvaccinated affect a vaccinated, if the vaccinated is 99.99% protected?', 'We’ll wait three or more years to wait the results of this experimental vaccine.', "It's still mind boggling that there still pushing this nonsense when clearly there is way better options.", 'What do a pregnant 14 year old and the fetus inside her have in common? They\'re both thinking "Oh shit, my mom is gonna kill me!"', 'FOND MEMORIES: Bleach Bit Hillary 💻\n             "Like with a cloth?"', '25x higher than a 0.001% chance of dying is still only a 0.025% chance of dying lol', "It astounds me the # of people, who get their info from random shit they see or read on FB, YouTube, etc while sitting on the toilet, yet completely discredit all the data from REAL scientists with PHD's, like MD's, Virologists, microbiologists etc, etc who have studied the science of virology and infections diseases for 10-14 YEARS or more.....\n\nFFS", 'CNN spending a lot of time on this. Still shaming people. Amazing how the numbers were lower at this without the vaccine. Too much bad and misleading info by these appointed Dr.', 'Why do we have to tell people what to do with there lives?', 'Where is this "DATA" coming from', "Ummmm no thank you.  I'll take the hire insurance premium for 100 please and thank you.", 'This is the worst comedy I’ve ever watched in my life', 'Some people don’t like shots they haven’t thought about that if they have other choices like the nasal spray (flu spray) people might get it', 'What a load of crap 😂', 'The more they push the less likely', 'So with no vaccine the risk of dying is 25x .0001???', 'Notice their own math comes out to the unvaccinated having a 99.975% chance of surviving an infection—versus 99.999% for the vaccinated. Wow what a massive deal. Not.', 'If it is dangerous why are they letting people stream across the border?', 'I’m legit laughing out loud at this. I feel bad for these people', 'Your chances of surviving without a vaccination is still about 99.8% assuming you don\'t have prexisting medical conditions. Also why the hell do I need a vaccine if "Masks are so effective". Better yet why do I need to get vaccinated If I don\'t care about getting covid-19? If everyone else is vaccinated their safety won\'t be compromised if i\'m unvaccinated.', 'Really? Where did you get your info?', '"Get vaccinated" propaganda 🤣', "I love how biased the numbers you guys get and push to the public. It's pathetic really. Dunno if CNN or FOX is more damaging in blocking real facts that give the totality of the situation. Too much to do where the party lines are. Sickening.", 'My chance of dying for my age group without the vaccine is .0003%', 'These downvoters…YOU ROCK!👊👊👊', 'This goes against what i juse read on another channel lol. More scare tactics', 'Wait a second. The survival rate before the vaccine was like 99.7%', 'Even the shill she brought on could barely keep a straight face. What a farce. 🙄', 'Regulatory capture is a problem, just saying.', 'If the so-called liberal media never reported this information, it would be left up to Fox News and conservative politicians to warn its supporters: “You’re dying out there. Get the vaccine.”', 'Also 99.99 percent survive when unvaccinated.  Massachusetts just had a breakout with 75 percent having the stab.', 'Bro I know couple people were I work who haven’t been vaccinated and are not wearing masks and are doing just fine makes me wanna just take my mask off', 'CNN decides to leave comments open\n"so you have chosen death"', "I am 55 and a bit heavy. My chances of dying from Covid would be like 1.5% if I got it. In other words, 98.5% chance of surviving. With the vaccine (which I got) 99.99%. So it made me safer, but let's not be ridiculous, this is not that dangerous unless you are older. And for kids I don't think the vaccine makes any sense.", 'What other rights get taken away after mandatory vaccination,?', "Why should I get vaccinated if I'm low risk and can still transmit it to other people even if I was vaxed", 'Yet people still getting the virus and still dying lying asses', 'THEY REALLY PUSHING THIS HARD!!!', 'Lmao look at the like to dislike ratio CNN: read the room!!', 'How much credibility does this channel need to lose before people stop watching?', "Isn't it a 99.8 chance to survive without it. Lol keep your mutagen gene therapy", 'Why don’t u cover the illegals coming in and spreading the virus?', 'Wow.  Thats  awesome......I have a 99.7% chance of surviving if I drink orange juice and a 99.9% chance of surviving if I get the shot......seems worth it to me....lmfao', "so at 25x higher rate from 99.999% that means if you're unvaxed then you still have a 99.97% chance of survival", "Let's wait for next election...", 'Why the point .999 = 666 🤨', '"We had to create the pandemic to prevent the pandemic..."', "I just saw this lead for the video and I won't be watching it because CNN is fake news and everyone knows it.", 'I have full government immunity from any liable damages and I am not FDA approved. My long-term side effects are unknown and I am an experimental drug what am I?', 'People WONT put up with another lockdown.', 'Homie got paid.', 'One more way so keep our country fighting with each other meanwhile the rich are still getting richer , the poor poorer, and the middle class continues to evaporate.', "that's funny bc your chances of getting CV and dying is .04%.  Spin kings lol", 'All nutter butter huh 😘 😂', '*Preparing Mark of the Beast system* The Lord is coming!', "I didn't believe Trump when he said CNN is fake news. Now I totally believe him. CNN shame on you! You're way more destructive than the covid.", 'Imagine taking advice from them 😭', 'Fake news is at it again! Will they ever learn?!?!?', 'One lab rat says to the other: “So are you going to take the Covid-19 vaccine?”\n\nThe other lab rat responds: “Are you kidding me?! They’ve not even finished testing it on humans yet”', 'What a fars. He says you are not going to get vaccinated you are putting others at risk. What’s a risk for those who are vaccinated?', '🤣🤣🤣😂😂 yeah right 😆', "What are the chances of having an adverse reaction to the vaccine, both short and long term?   (Oh that's right; you don't know)", "While the doctor says he doesn't take advice from politicians, don't forget that countless doctors with different opinions have been silenced through this whole thing.", "So if the vaccines are so great  and work's so well why are all of the vaccinated people testing positive and being hospitalized. Also if it's so great then the vaccinated people shouldn't have anything to worry about and the one's that are not vaccinated understand there risk but if they want to take that risk they can. If it's so good shut up and if you got it you'll be fine. So leave people alone. And report some real news. God bless.", 'Why is this so difficult?', 'DARWINISM MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!', 'A Population divided by fear are easily controlled', 'Is this a family guy episode?', 'Anyone can pluck 99.99% especially when I don’t have to show any evidence and you just take my word and the words in the teleprompter for granted!', 'Nuromberg code violation.. Non FDA approved experimental treatment.  Time for lawsuits let the trails begin..', 'I know a little man from the 30’s and 40’s that tried to turn neighbor on neighbor through lies .', '25 x higher then .001% is .025% chance of dying', '99.99% yes and almost 99% dislikes, wake up, stop spreading lies', "What's in the vaccine compatible with the medicine that you're already taking if a virus is Airborne how does the mask help these are questions that need to be answered", 'Pro-pa-ganda', 'This is truly unbelievable crap', '"Yea, I mean look..."\n\nEvery single talking head says "look" before they speak. It\'s a manipulation and I turn it off the second I hear it. \n\nLearn to report without forcing us to "look" at your words. If people are already watching, why tell them to look?  It\'s annoying, stop it.', 'CNN - Where all the Klowns meet.', 'How dare you coercing people taking EXPERIMENTAL drug?!  Did forget Thalidomide???!!!... No one wants to die, but let people make informed choices! People are not stupid!', 'Ohhhhh I’m soooooo scared 😱 the news told me to be 😷💩', '"Maybe a third dose will help?" - Experts', "so the chances of dying of covid with the vaccine is ~0.001% - without the vaccine chances of dying is 25x higher, so that's ~0.025% - so there's a ~99.975% chance of surviving covid without being vaccinated? not really much of an endorsement", "Well, well, well... since Biden called all the media executives to the White House on Tuesday, August 3rd to inform them what they could and couldn't report on anymore, this tells me this is way too much 🐂💩 for them to even make it believable.", 'How is Covid-19 diagnosed?', 'What about us in South America?\nYour acting like people around the world actually have a choice.', 'This seems so scripted.', 'Sooo, if vaccinated people have 99% chance of surviving infection, why do they care if others don´t want to be vaccinated?', "Tha numba's aar tha numba's.....lmfao", 'if you have a 99.99 % rate of not dying from it. Then what why  get it? when the ones that got the shot is speading the now new virus.', "I didn't think i could lose any more brain cells today.CNN has proved me wrong.", 'They should offer free medical treatment for the uninsured in case that they get a really bad reaction from the vaccine.  Really bad reactions are rare, but at least the uninsured will have the treatment as security.  It’s better than free burgers, beer and even $100.', 'It’s like a magician that gets upset because you can see through his tricks. His set is falling apart while seeing the man behind the curtains. The magician gets mad and start throwing things at you because you can see through the illusions, the facade…The lies and manipulation does not work anymore. When you questioned things and follow your intuition and use your logical sense you are reprimanded for not listening to “authority figures”. They can’t hide the truth any longer.The truth emerges out of the darkness and it is undeniable… that is why there is a split society physically and dimensionally….', 'CNN has zero chance to survive...', 'blame on vaccinated blame on unvaccinated.', 'They’re still going with this? I only ever hear about covid on the news anymore. Never outside of it though.', "The poop hasn't left the fan and now more is coming. Yay..", 'I mean CNN’s inability to process people thoughts is impressive. Someone unvaccinated people aren’t worried so they aren’t wearing a mask. This makes sense, but what’s funnier is if the vaccine is that effective why would someone with it even wear a mask? Especially if the unvaccinated people aren’t worried about getting it… if anything vaccinated people should stand up and say wearing a mask is ridiculous not hiding behind laughable CNN stats… last note Florida has lower case counts then a few of the Democratic New England states like if I recall correctly NJ and NY. So I don’t see this really being an accurate assessment. But the absolute best tool to get people vaccinated isn’t forcing it but getting the FDA to actually approve one.', '"just 1000 vaccinated died"....yeah...I gues if there were 9  million that would have been a red flag...', 'Unvacinated "should" be afraid because of the number you show?🤔 You lie about everything else so why should we believe this?', 'if your fully vaxed you will cry about the ones who arnt', "What a comedy  it's a mild flu  fools", 'And why should we listen to Biden, the politician?', "So what the study shows is that if you are vaccinated you have a 0,001% of dying of covid and if you are not vaccinated you have a 0,025% of dying of covid. \nSeeing that we have no  data on the short and definitely the long term effects of the vaccines,  you just strengthened my beliefs  and so i will take my chances. I had covid in january and im doing just fine.  Let's talk again in 5 years or so. 😉", 'So .001% is their death rate times 25 is .025% damn we all gonna die homies', 'My god, how can you sleep at night?', 'He uses the 25x higher as this shocking revelation. .001 x 25 is .025….Chill bro', 'At this point, its comical🤷\u200d♂️', 'Why has this not been flagged for mis-information? Disgraceful play on numbers to frighten citizens to comply.', 'Wonder what the financial kickback CNN gets from Big Pharma ...', '“You should be scared because of our numbers?', 'I think the risk of dying of Covid19 if you get the original virus is about 1%.\nOr about 99% survival rate.\nI think with the delta one, its less risk of dying.\nDoes anyone have the true stats?', 'The variant and good knows what else wers out in some of the vaccines. Wake up people', 'I’m 63 and healthy and have a 99% chance of surviving Covid!', 'liars', "25 percent that's ok I can live with that when if you live in New York or Portland  or Chicago you have a 76 percent chance of getting shot just walking down the street. Or a 99 percent chance of catching a stray shot.", "So 99.999% survival rate if you're vaccinated and 25x higher chance of death if your unvaccinated. 100-99.999=0.001\n0.001x25=0.025. So 99.975% chance of survival if you're unvaccinated.\n\nThese are facts, so why all the panic? Vaccinated have no chance of dying so why the fight against unvaccinated? Get your jab and move on with your life.", 'Why is there a Pandemic of the unvaccinated when the vaccinated transmit it just as easy?? Why hasnt the Biden Senile president not address that this virus came from China?? Until they do the are very suspect.', "My choice. My Body. That's it. Period.", 'The conspiracy theory of a “delta variant” needs to have the brakes pumped... there is no test for it so... I guess it’s all make-believe. People are morons... they believe whatever the mo..ck-ingbird m,,edia brews up.', 'there is appalling indifference to exhausted overworked medical staff among the unvaccinated', 'But we are still not going to talk about natural immunity. Ok..', 'Lol the mortality rate is 0.01 hahahaha', 'the first stage has begun. prepare for the new world order', 'I’m not wearing a mask anymore.', 'In my invaxed defense, v.p. harris said NOT to take it,soooooo........', 'NO FEAR.  NO FEAR.  NO FEAR', '“What are they doing!?”\n*letting themselves breathe.*', 'Wow, I just read 5 mins off comments and 99.999 are anti-vaccine', 'Anyone ever hear of the LANCET? \r\nWhy are they denying NATURAL IMMUNITY?\r\nSARS-CoV-2 elicits robust adaptive immune responses regardless of disease severity\r\nhttps://www.thelancet.com/journals/ebiom/article/PIIS2352-3964(21)00203-6/fulltext', 'I don’t get it but the numbers are the numbers 🤣', "Gee. Imagine an MSM producing statistics and blowing numbers out of their assets. That's never happened before.", "Whether your vaccine work or not we don't want it. Please respect that period", 'DO NOT SUBMIT TO THE TYRANNY STAY UNVACCINATED TRUMP 2020', 'Misinformation!!!', 'The moment the covid became political.. it was a done deal... it’ll probably keep mutating, indefinitely', "Do you think if CNN reported all the injuries and deaths of the vaccines and people would trust them 🤔\nThis isn't rocket science folks", 'It’s time to prohibit non specialists from talking about COVID-19. Everything I hear on CNN sounds like a gossip these days.', 'Uk yellow card system', "Report on Obama's maskless sophisticated birthday bash", "Figures don't lie, but liars figure.", "I just got back from getting 4 shots, because I don't want to die", 'Don’t trust cnn !!', 'So, why are vaccinated people being forced to wear a mask?', 'I can\'t help notice the ad for "Jerusalem, City of Faith and Fury." It\'s like the poster guy\'s stern look is implying, "really? You\'re still spewing this crap?" \nI\'m surprised the Godless people of CNN would actually air something like that in the first place.', 'Vaccine mandates...lol...here comes the riots...', 'OMG', "I'm so over these unvaccinated people...I love my job as an ICU nurse...I will do my job regardless...but these unvaccinated people filling up my unit are unreasonable...they (and their families) think it's a hoax until they're knocking on death's door", "I live in a state that's supposedly spiking it's not, I don't know why you all are still watching this shit, live your lives and stop living in fear or trying to get your gold star, wake up people.", 'This IS the grand delusion.', "I think he should really look at what Biden the crap he's trying to force through right now if it all went through it will bankrupt America.... Do you think your average person is going to be able to afford a new electric car ? Your average family?", 'Anti boddies are 10000x better than getting the vax', 'Reporter is saying the fully vaccinated has 1 / 100000 risk of dying from a breakthrough infection while the unvaccinated has 25 / 100000 risk of dying from an infection by the variant. Note that if individuals from either group are infected by the delta variant, the risk of spreading the virus is the same, hence the recommendation to mask for all.', 'They don’t want a control group of unvaccinated to still be alive after people start dropping like flies.  It would look really bad on them', 'Are corporate news channels just spokespeople of those in power and the government?', 'Right? If you are healthy you must go and get vaccinated and get sick.', 'People should have their spiritual eyes and ears opened. Revelation is happening before our eyes! Repent and know that Jesus is coming back soon!', 'Liars,liars liars!!', 'They are exaggerating so much, trying so hard to scare us smh', '99.999 = 66.666', 'How many have died from having the vaccination? Please answer!', 'droog war', 'this is nothing short of propaganda hahahahaa', "99% recovery rate unvaccinated.  Over 80% don't show symptoms of COVID-19.   Natural Immunity is better .", 'People aren’t getting vaccinated because they don’t trust you', '"You should be scared " lmao', 'HEY the scary case counter is back!!😂', 'How much did the pay you to keep saying 99.9999999', 'Sooooooo, the unvaccinated have a 99.75% chance of survival????', "Okay so to require an ID to vote is considered the most racist thing ever? But requiring either a smartphone or a piece of paper with ID (obviously) to prove vaccination to work or to get inside any indoor facility (I am assuming polling places will be included) isn't racist???? Could someone please explain the logic here? {crickets} Anyone?", '“The unvaccinated”\n\nWtf is this, the scarlet letter?', "Here's a poll for you: \n\nhttps://strawpoll.vote/polls/5vwhxcfj/vote", 'Only 25x higher? That’s not much…', 'Can anyone say "FEAR MONGERING"! wtf. Circus clown show!!!!!', "There's a 99.9999% chance that Pfizer will have a record profitable year", 'how can people watch this and actually make it through the whole video', 'GOVERNOR CUOMO SHOULD BE JAILED AND CNN IS NOT COVERING THIS STORY OF NATIONAL INTEREST AND SIGNIFICANCE.', 'I already had covid, asymptomatic, why should I get it. I will continue to wear a mask and social distancing. As I enjoy people not seeing who I am and enjoy not being around people 😌', 'WOW 😳 Elections Expert Seth Keshel Releases National Fraud Numbers: Finds 8.1 Million Excess Votes in US Election, Affirms Trump Won PA, MI, WI, NV, AZ, GA and MN', 'Forget you, doc, with your vaccine mandates.\nCarrots? Carrots?!!?\n And the angel of the lord came unto me, snatching me up from my place of slumber and took me on high and higher still. Until we moved to the spaces betwixt the air itself. And he brought me into a vast farmland of our own Midwest. And as we descended, cries of impending doom rose from the soil. One thousand nay a million voices full of fear. And terror possessed me then. And I begged, "Angel of the Lord what are these tortured screams?". And the angel said unto me, "These are the cries of the carrots, the cries of the carrots! You see, Reverend Maynard, tomorrow is harvest day and to them it is the holocaust."\nAnd I sprang from my slumber drenched in sweat, like the tears of one million terrified brothers and roared, "Hear me now, I have seen the light!\nThey have a consciousness, they have a life, they have a soul! Damn you! Let the rabbits wear glasses! Save our brothers!"\nCan I get an amen? Can I get a hallelujah? Thank you, Jesus.', '"This is all nutter butter"\n*Leave those cookies out this you pathetic liar*', 'If it’s 99.99% effective no point in locking down and destroying the economy', "Lmao 99.999 what is .25 of the that? 😂😂😂😂😂 nice try with that one sided math. VACCINE DOESN'T STOP THE SPREAD OF COVID 19! Not one of them has said that.", 'Pretty soon the vaccinated are gonna see the unvaccinated as subhuman and you know where that leads.', 'Y’all it’s a vaccine if people don’t want it stop pressuring them to get it', 'Mindboggling data, 99.6% survival', 'Goebbels is blushing in his grave.', 'Everytime I see CNN post videos of the vaccine the video gets more dislikes and likes, while FOX News Vaccine videos have more likes than dislikes 😂', "In Canada, we aren't doing vaccine passports (Except Quebec is only when there are outbreaks. Partly because we have over 80% with one does and almost 70% fully vaccinated.", "Those are the same stats for the unvaxxed so you aren't really saying anything!  Politics! That's all this is about! Go read their Patent (Maderna). It is mind boggling!!", 'My Air bnb guest is a 24 year old vaccinated sailor and he was admitted to the E.R. TODAY! (8/4/21) with breathing issues', 'So the vaccine pretty much guarantees you won’t die but you still have to wear a mask. \nOne side of the aisle is lying.', 'So hold on, if the chances of getting hospitalized for vaccinated are .0001 % and the chances of getting hospitalized for unvaccinated people are 25X higher, which brings it to .0025%, I think I know which way I am leaning.', 'so you have 0.25 chance of dying if you are unvaccinated, Whoa scary shit haha lol  :D', "Didn't Joe Biden say he would not take the vaccine? I wonder if CNN would be supportive of the vaccine if Trump was in power? CNN is a joke.", 'So now that Project Veritas has exposed CNN as a propaganda network (as explained by Charlie himself), the purpose of these reports makes much more sense and their credibility is completely diminished.', 'Fear mongers......when does mask shaming end and media shaming begin?', 'Love how they talk about chances of survival now lol', 'Where and how was the percentage derived from?  What is the formula to get that exact percentage?', 'Turn your phone upside down and it magically turns into 666.66', 'Hi everyone I’m and my family and my country was vaccinated from China is Sinopham and sinovac .So How effective are they compared to other vaccines? Please help to tell me if you knew for sharing knowledge to me and my country…. Thanks 🙏', 'Now We Know What Audiences you are Playing to, When you Have No Problem Saying that For All to Hear. The Internet is Forever....Fooorrrrreeeevvvveeerrrrrrr.', '7:50 this is sick and for everyone that thought mandates was a conspiracy theory is this enough proof for you? He is sitting here very comfortably saying what people should do with their body.', 'so it goes\n\n(…) in April 2020 45,033 prescriptions for Midazolam were issued, containing 333,229 items, the vast majority being Midazolam Hydrochloride. That is a 104.91% increase in the number of prescriptions issued for Midazolam and a 93.85% increase in the number of items they contained. But these weren’t issued in hospitals, they were issued by GP practices which can only mean one thing, they were issued for end of life care.\n\nThe spikes in production of Midazolam solution match the spikes of alleged Covid deaths within 28 days of a positive test.\n\n(…) The evidence suggests that the Liverpool Care Pathway returned with a vengeance in April 2020 under the direction of the Health Secretary Matt Hancock, Government Advisors and NHS Chiefs, and it looks as if it was used to manipulate you into giving up over one year of your life under the pretence that you were staying at home, to protect the NHS and save lives. But the evidence suggests that in reality you were ordered to stay at home, to protect the NHS, so that they could prematurely end the lives of the elderly and vulnerable and tell you that they were Covid deaths.', 'So ? Can we make the unvaccinated vacate their hospital beds for break through cases and other health crisis’ ? I think that sounds fair considering the unvaccinated , that aren’t children, have chosen their path and it should include being parked in the parking lot waiting for a bed, not the vaccinated and unfortunate car accident and heart attack victims.Sounds heartless ? Not being vaccinated is heartless.'], ['When he\'s completely out of $ and sued for everything he won\'t have by then, Trmp is going to say: _Who? To "be honest", I never met the guy_ 😂', "A modern day snake oil salesmen...on steroids , or crack, or whatever he's doing now!", '"This was the biggest crime against humanity"\n\nMike, put down the pillow and pick up a history book', 'He’s betting his company on what he has.  Look forward to seeing what he’s spent 25 million dollars on sharing.', 'Any lawyer that opposes him will have a "My pillow case"\n🤪', 'that shot of lindell leaving the wh, where he looks to the right, then left, then right, then left. like he was on sctv.', "I actually bought his pillows before this s*** show went on the road. They're crap I set them on the edge of my bed and never use them!", "I knew this pillow peddling puts was crazy when I first saw his ads years ago.  All that's missing is a white belt and shoes.  Never trust a guy who wears a cross all the time, he's hiding something.", 'When even FOX isn’t insane enough for you..', 'Who does he think is going to be waiting for him at the Supreme Court in *August* when SCOTUS is in recess? He might be able to get a janitor to hear his case! 😂', 'When Trump says "I actually use them, believe it or not", you can\'t believe him.', '"If I can sell a cheap pillow to millions, why not a cheap lie?"', 'Another lost member of the cult. The crack he used must have had long term psychological side affects on him. I would like to see Lindell provide his pillows and sheets to trump hotels. It wouldn’t be long before he would sue trump for non-payment.', '"Pulled his ads" = Credit Card didn\'t go through when Fox ran it 😜', 'Same reason he does everything - he is an insane person.', 'Someone told me on Social Media "If one third of the population think the election was stolen audits are essential". My reply was "Yes but two thirds of the population done trust the auditors".', "He has addiction issues, it looks like he's had a relapse.", 'Andy Huang, Dominion’s Core Infrastructure Manager of Information Technology, previously worked for China Telecom, a Chinese-military affiliated company.', 'Damn! Advertising is expensive, that’s a lot of pillows.', 'Will the last one to sponsor Tucker Carlson, please turn out the lights', "I've added this to my calendar for Aug 14 (my time). Wonder what the story will be when it doesn't happen?", 'Sometimes,  you got to go to your enemies to hear the news\n So, here I am.', 'Sleep on a "MYPILLOW" and sleep in fantasy land that may land one in trouble in the real world.', 'LIVE VIDEO FOOTAGE OF BALLOTS IN PA BEING PULLED OUT AFTER VOTE COUNTERS GO GOME, ARIZONA OVER 175,000 BALLETS NOT PRINTED ON THE PAPER THAT THE STATE HAD PRINTED ON', 'Can’t wait to drink those tears on August 13 when nothing happens.', 'I will be giving my pillow guy some change when he becomes homeless', '"Crack heads deserve a good nights sleep too. Here, buy my pillow!"', 'Soon all he’ll have left is the Crack to comfort him when he’s lost his business due to his obsessively chasing windmills.', "I buy my pillows all the time. Not just because there the best but because I sleep well knowing I'm safe in Truml country.", '"Former crackhead turned pillow sales man meets with President" is only a headline that can exist in the US...', 'Certainly places a different twist on the expression "pillow fight", doesn\'t it?', 'Love "My Pillow"\nIt\'s a Great Pillow.🌙', 'I love puns, so much. Especially the "sharing a bed" one.\n\nI\'m glad Erin picked up on them. \n\nBut the headline "no more pillow talk" really got me. \n\nBetween that and "Nothing is real and anything is possible in 2020" the writer deserves an award.', 'The best part of listening to a crazy person talk is, watching the reactions of the people in the background listening to them.', "lol, just like 'The End is Near', or Donnie Combover's fantastic 'Health Plan': it's ALWAYS TWO WEEKS AWAY!!", 'Mike needs to be locked up and put in the straitjacket give him one of his pillows to rest on', 'The thing is when you believe in magic and double down on it the goal posts just keep moving further and further back. August will come and go Jesus and Trump still will not have returned!', 'We will 🙈 see....we love Mike ...the biggest lie of all Biden won !!', 'Has been weird seeing how cooky mypillow guy actually is...\nMakes one wonder if Ron popeil was a secret cult leader 🤔\nOr if vince the shamwow guy is actually a mafia don :)', 'I’m not supporting that business with the CEO being like that', 'Looks like I’ll be buying some of my pillows. Thanks cnn had never heard of that product.', 'Even a host of Newsmax had to sneak away from an interview with Lindell. Is Tucker the only one dumb enough to give him airtime?', 'My Pillow once again trying to purchase an election. Reminded me of when I was a kid. I had a paper route. Back then when I earned enough money, I bought the bike of my dreams, a blue Schwinn fastback . Crazy thing is this notorious spoiled kid asked me if I would sell it to him. I said no, repeating that I had just purchased it. He was insanely persistent but to his dismay so was my answer. I told him just go buy one for yourself like I did. His mother later approached me asking if I would sell the bike. I once again gave her the same answer. Well she kept insisting that Gordy was upset and heartbroken telling me that I was selfish for not selling him my bike. I decided ok this is nuts, so I told Gordys mother ok, give me seventy dollars and Gordys bike in trade. Funny is the bike cost me about 88 dollars with tax . I quickly sold Gordys practically new bike for thirty dollars and bought the exact blue Schwinn once again. Gordy was shocked and started crying. His mother was much worse, she was shooting daggers at me with her eyes. She was irate . I was eleven years old, really. After I arrived with my second brand new Schwinn bike, Gordy never rode the bike, the very bike he and his mother had to have. It sat and rusted, locked to the railing in front of his apartment. Nuts', 'MyPillow guy takes advantage of unsophisticated folk, in more ways than one', 'I have family members that are recovering alcohol and drug addicts, and they’ve been sober fir years. I can honestly tell you that their minds have been chemically altered permently and they are a little left of center. Mike Limdell exhibits this exact behavior. Won’t listen to reason when it’s right in your face and will argue vehemently even when they are so obviously wrong on a subject…I feel like Im watching my family members whenever this joker starts on his delusional rants.', 'No he’s not lying, good thing no one watches cnn', 'Love that  Mypillow guy 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾💯⚔️🛡️🙏🏾', "When I see that MyPillow ad, I can imagine how funny it will look after that company goes under, and the news outlets do a retrospective on this after it's all done.", "When you're too crazy for fox, you should worry!", 'Funny how you think a pillow seller can have access to all that information on election fraud. You are being played and defeated by the biggest sting ever.', "Al these power hungry crazies in a stadion and let's watch a pillow fight live.", 'I know someone that bought a couple of those pillows.  So I had a chance to try the pillow ... before they threw them out.  Waste of money.', "All that lip smacking Lindell does is from the dry mouth brought on by 'medication.'", 'When Fox says your commercial is to crazy……you are really out there.', 'We can learn the same thing from the pillow guy that we can learn from us airplane passengers who go crazy in flight:\n\nOur mind is a machine that fully activates in our adulthood.\nSince virtually no one teaches us this or how to quiet it, when we participate in unnecessary automatic thinking, it warps our view of reality and builds up energy that can spill over and possess us in a rage.', "Nobody wears a cross necklace on the outside of their collar with a tie on. He's really trying to push the selling.", "Y'all are scared of a pillow man, it's hilarious!", 'Mypillow guy just came up with a new 💊 llow it has a little packet in the side where he can put his crack when he goes to sleep', 'I wonder why he would be so sincere with this,  if it hurts his business typically a person with a passion like this is far from a nut job ....just saying', "Admission of guilt: I bought a MyPillow several years ago before I knew who this idiot was.\n\nMy review: It is about the same as any other pillow I've had.", "actually Lindell's pillows have been and are propping up CNN. and CNN and MSDNC are running the ad that Fox refused to run.", 'Great pillows I believe Mike over CNN.', "I feel sorry for the thousands of Mypillow employees that might eventually be forced to look for work elsewhere over their boss's delusions", 'He needs to stop sleeping on those “ his pillows” they’re making him have hallucinations.', 'Ooh, thought he was a keeper😁', "Thank you, thank you, thank you. I can't begin to tell you how good it is not to see those obnoxious ads.", 'Lmfaooo I just realized I haven’t seen his ads on any of the channels I watch in years 😂💀', '"Fox News and Mike Lindell Lie Down Together, Both Get Up With Fleas".', '...how does this clown still have a business? He is clinically insane. Someone needs to check him into a facility that can get him the help that he desperately needs. This is just sad.', 'He did ?  I think I need some new "My Pillow" sheets !', 'Conspiracy my rear! Election integrity with voter id coming down the mountain!', "You know you've gone too far when even Fox call you a crazy loonball", 'He said the Big Cheeto would be president again by August.', 'Ironic how the man behind "for the best night sleep in the whole wide world" is making it harder for everyone to sleep', "I'm sure OAN or NewsMax will gladly pick up his ads.", 'If Stelter was serious - he would go after the $5 million Dollars REWARD that Lindell is offering to ANYONE who can prove him wrong - COME ON BRIAN STELTER - Try To Prove Him Wrong rather than just trashing him with BASELESS ACCUSATIONS that remain false until disproven By STELTER. Come On Man.....!!!!', 'Dude has been lying and doing COKE, at the same dam time😂', 'This guy is a good example of how being associated with Trump, can ruin your business.', 'Dear Jimmy Kimmel\nPlease get hold of the  My Pillow Punk on your show again,preferably on August 13. That episode will break the Internet guaranteed. \nHaving the episode  in a " Sleepover " scenario  where Trump  was invited  but told a different date ,,just to mess with them both 😂', 'You can also find his pillows in the clearance section at Walmart!', 'Remember when the media fired at Gouya canned products , and then they had sales thru the roof? Yea, nobodies going to stop buying pillows sorry there beta male Brian', 'They have been CONvinced their cult leader won !', "He won't be going to the Supreme Court in August because their next term doesn't start until October.", 'Does My Pillow have a board or is it just him? If so, they should ask him to step down as CEO or force him out. Otherwise the company will tank even more than it already has because of lunatic Lindell.', "It's good that Fox News is reactting & do the right thing, it's good for every American & for themselves, the media has to be even, no matter which channels we watch.\nTo support  just one side only creates trouble, every public person should act more civilized & responsible, what is going on it didn`t happen before, never ever.", 'I thought fox refused to air them.', "The biggest crime against humanity? Guess he's never heard of the holocaust.", '"This is bigger than pillows, it\'s about democracy" is not a sentence I ever thought I\'d hear.', "Too Bad. Tucker Carlson's Advertisement Revenue Just Went Down 50% Overnight", 'Chest waders required to move through this depth of bull!!', "That's great news! Enough of this side show of desperate lies and clown filled cars.\r\nIf Fox wants to stay out of court and on the air, they need to be more selective as to what ads they run.", 'I AM HOLDING on to Sanity while those calling me insane continue to help it become worse, as "we" hold their opinions, lovingly, within us still.  \n\nThis is what happens to a child that has to compete for love its whole life with the ones calling it FAM. \n\nOur love became toxic.\n\nWe are helping others see it as we did when we did see it in us, also, now.\n\nI\'m not angry with you and these words are happy to be free from that box you saw in me. \n\nWe would never want to do that to you as boxes do not let you grow up when we don\'t outgrow, at least a few.  \n\nThat is the nicest thing we may do, as it is part of the learning process that gives degrees to you.\n\nIF YOU ARE A NARCISSIST WOULD YOU TELL US NOW?   \n\nI BET YOUR "CONDITION" WOULD"T ALLOW IT, SO WHERE IS YOUR COMPASSION FOR THAT DISABILITY NOW?', 'He should advertise on the Russian news agency.', "August 13th! I can't wait to see them contorting and imploding with disappointment.", "I can't wait until next Friday when nothing happens", 'He should just curl up on his mattress topper, sheets and pillows, with his koolaid and call it a day. Night night Mikey.', 'With a face like Brian Stelters across the screen to look at …. we all need a good night sleep pillow …', 'I have to wonder about the people he employees as they watch their boss go mad.  I believe, IF Lindell is arrested or removed from sane society, the business should be taken as a forfeiture and We the People will keep them employed.  The American Pillow Company!  Doesn’t that sound good?', 'Well we all know Mike Lindell used to be a crackhead junkie before my pillow', 'I emailed Dish to get the Guy removed from my tv channels, but they still run this guys garbage.', 'Anne Applebaum! Great writer. I will always watch or read her', 'There are lots of crimes against humanity, trump losing an election was not one of them. Lol.', "There better pillows than lindell sales. I'm not going to watch his live stream 😀", 'Yes a guy selling pillows is definitely a threat to democracy lol', "God bless all the victims! The Cuomo'll be going down finally???", 'Pillow talker finally realised that FOX is owned by an Australian.', 'I love it when the cult eats itself.', 'Here\'s what concerns me: When -- and I do mean "when" -- trump is not reinstated as president in August, what plans has he prearranged for his cult members to carry out?', 'Lindell: “This is the biggest fraud and crime against humanity.”\nMy Pillow: So, remind me again. *How* did I hurt your feelings? ☹️', 'I rather buy my pillows from Walmart instead of buying it from this fraud of a man', 'I love MyPillow more than CNN', 'I feel bad for this guy. He was able to over come drug and alcohol addiction only to succumb to the Trump cult. Hopefully he’ll wake up and get psychological help for why he falls addictions.', 'If Mike is so wrong and crazy, why are you so worried about him? If he is so wrong, why not just ignore him?  Hummmm.', 'Great puns, indeed 👍', 'Donald never used a my pillow.  Whenever Donald says believe it or not means don’t believe it.  Mike is throwing his reputation and business straight in the toilet for Donald.', 'I’m so happy about this.  I wish they’d pull all their ads from everywhere.  They’re annoyingly annoying.', '" Which leads me to the next lesson children. Don\'t smoke crack"\n~ LT from the Waterboy.', 'Lindell has a serious history of addiction.  Anyone that cares about him, even a little bit, should look into if he’s using again.  He’s not acting rationally, could be on the meth again.  \nIf it’s not drugs, what’s really wrong with him?  He’s behaving bizarrely.', 'Brian has the most annoying voice I have ever heard', 'The insanity continues. Is this the apocalypse?', 'wow is like neo nazis are always gonna stab each other in the back', "I heard exactly one thing I care about: Tucker Carlson's show is making less money. I hope it's a lot less. It's probably not, but I can hope.", "Right away after the election you guys started all the safest election ever... We know how you guys work... You guys must think that people are stupid... I guess that's why your ratings is down 67%", 'I started sleeping well on January 20th Mike.  No pillow required.', 'maybe McDonalds will add a "my pillow" to their kids meals?', 'When a guy does anything for any kind of attention. Lindell only makes himself looked dumber each time he gets on tv. Smoking crack can cause paranoia. Lol', 'this guy has put so much on the line for this august event-even put up $5 Million to prove himself wrong.  I am very curious to see how this event will go.', 'Aw man this is my favorite man.', 'They did absolutely well! This way of behaving, telling lies, is the most wrong way of doing business and certainly does not contribute to building a lasting relationship with customers based on mutual trust; in fact, if these are the premises, one can safely doubt the quality of its products.', '*STAY IN YOUR OWN LANE : TEACHABLE MOMENT🤔*', 'Imagine you and your $50M being too crazy for Fox!', 'When you go Hard Right of Fox Opinions, you are in need of Thorazine.', 'My Pillow Ceo is trying to be the next president of the United States. Lol', 'Fox made a big mistrake in canceling My Pillow, I will certainly watch less of Fox, they dismiss Mike and keep the idiot Geraldo, how does that make any sense at all', 'What day in August do I have to hold my breath for ?', "Yeah !  There's no way the Chinese would hack our election...\nWhy would they do that,  they love Trump", '“The biggest crime against humanity” - Mike Lindell. Soooo completely disregard the Holocaust and slavery? Man, what’s really in those pillows? 🤔', 'Good job giving him free advertising, right at the beginning, CNN.\n\nAre you guys freaking serious?!', 'Wished the pillow lived up to the hype.', 'I was wondering where this Genius was lately .....knew he would pop up and do something dumb .', '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 This guy needs intervention urgently', 'These guys think they can use their skills at marketing to convince the world of a lie.   Trump brought what he learned from Hollywood and this guy from infomercials.', 'His pillows seem to lack substance, so do they really support the head in bed? The same question can asked about his election steal claims. Any testimonials on the quality of the Lindell pillow?', 'Hilarious', 'Let’s not forget this crazy my pillow guy was once a crackhead.', "omg she's so pretty!", "So will Biden say Cuomo should resign?\nAnd he should be Prosecuted to the full extent of the Law!\nAnd If so will Pelosi agree?\nAnd Say\nNO ONE'S ABOVE THE LAW!", 'I got one of those pillows when they first came out. Beside him being a nut bag his pillow sucks. Jusayin', 'Good!!!  Glad that I never bought one of his pillows!!', 'Hey! Remember that guy who launched himself in his own homemade rocket to prove that the earth is flat...?', 'Oh, don’t worry, MikePillow … I’m getting the best sleep of my life knowing that Trump is out', '“I used to be a crack addict.”\nNo shit.🙄', 'He’s been sleeping too much on his own  pillows and he couldn’t wake up and his still  having a nightmare .\nas far as I know..😂😂😂😂😂', "The first smart move FOX  has made in a while..... Lets hope they do the same for Trump. Perhaps when FOX realizes Trump needs them more than they need him. They might STOP making their news channel seem like it's an ongoing commercial for the the republican party...", 'You get told no and you get sour about it? 😂  Grow up dude. You never bash your previous employer /customer. No one is going to touch you now because of your spiteful reactions', 'Oh no I’m gonna miss seeing those ads every 2 minutes…not', 'Cocain is one hell of a drug lmao 🤣 😂 😂', 'Coming soon:  Dominion Pillows!   10 for $100!  Need to empty this damn warehouse!', 'We interned thousands of Japanese Americans on the OFF Chance they were “confused.”  The Republican Party is not confused!', 'Yes, you need CNN to tell you obvious things. And you continue to watch them.', "Before I play a game, I let everyone know that I'm going to win. I tell them, if I don't win, the game is rigged. I haven't lost a game since.", 'Hit em where it always hurts.', 'The 13th is coming quickly...', 'I love my pillow!', 'HE WILL WIN', 'He’s done more than just drank the kool aid, he’s just full blown lost his mind, even by crazy trumpies terms. Smh.', 'Well Lindell, you made your pillow, sleep in it!', "That's okay I'm sure Chris will find a spot for him on CNN.", 'Mike said election fraud evidence was brought to him because he has the voice to get it out.  They didn’t bring it to any major news outlets.  They didn’t bring it to Donald that had 100 lawsuits going on.  They brought it to mike.  Why?  Because he was seen as the perfect mark.', "Now we know we're Mike got all those feathers for his pillows,from the heads of Fox News' announcers.", 'His employees are going to lose their jobs because their boss is crazy.', "Fox's loss.  😊", 'Rapid blinking and looking away and down to the right at 1:04 "The election was hacked" may be revealing. However, knowing he\'s a 2 bit snake oil salesman is all you need to know really anyway.', 'Fox filled vacant spot quickly while charging  more so win win for fox . I wonder why Brian left that part out', "If I don't get my way I'm taking my ball home🤣", 'I like to know who let him out of The nut House cuz he definitely needs to go back', 'You change the channel and you change their minds', 'Last week was the first time CNN didn’t draw a million viewers since Ted Turner started the Network 30 years ago….and they’re still running Trump stories.  DeSantis must be very happy', 'We need more of this', 'Now, if we can get a bunch of the "normal" companies to pull their ads from FOX, they may be forced to tell at least a bit of truth to keep the FOX shit-show running... Start boycotting!!', 'These past 4 to 5 years have been both comical and depressing', 'The land of the free!🤣', "CNN, yeah, y'all tell everybody how to get ratings. LMAO", 'To steal a line from the movie “Trains, planes and automobiles”.   Those aren’t pillows.   Time to go home Mr Butt Cheeks.', 'I’d rather sleep with my head on a rock.', "It's HUMPTY!  I always trust what HE says; he's just such a CUTE little guy!", 'A prime example of when someone has so much money and the people around him just keep saying yes to his delusional fantasies.', 'Waiting on the evidence. 😂', "He'd be better off proving the earth is flat.", 'Lindell\'s too extreme for "Faux News."  I\'d say Don\'s political career is heading for the "big sleep."  More "nightmares" ahead for Don and his minions!', 'I love Mike!', 'He lies like my head on a pillow', 'Poor guy, he has an uphill battle, maybe one day he will prove his theory, never know', 'Lundells pillows are the least comfortable pillow I ever bought- kinda like my believung lying Tdump. I got scammed twice :((', "He's probably out of money, spending it as fast as he can because Dominican is going to take what's left", 'I ALWAYS check the better business bureau to see how companies are rated! My pillow had a F rating!!', "His business has sold way more pillows since his support of trump even with all the stores dropping his brand.   Good for him, at least he is standing for what he believes.  Its all free speech and if you don't like it go to another country you think is better.", 'The BIG LIE??? Biden got the most votes in presidential history? Russia Russia, Russia? CNN is a “news” organization?', 'So if they are worried about getting sued, who will do us all that same favor to stop their vaccine disinformation?', "Dude has been lying beyond his means. It's practically a fable.", "I live in UK and now I'm seeing ads hear for his pillows", 'If he was smart, he would go into hiding now. Any violence on August 13th falls squarely on his shoulders.', "Hopefully another big step to either a major shift in Fox's views, or the implosion of Fox.  For too long they've contributed to this notion that education is itself or somehow tied to immorality, as if it is somehow wrong to be educated.", 'His pillows are now being advertised for $29 instead of the previous price of $69! Oops!', 'Imagine its 2021 and a pillow salesman is a conspiracy theorist', "No thanks, I will never buy my pillow because they're totally corrupted. The lesson is the media is actually probably buying his pillows while knowing that it's a sham.  And that is sad.", 'I keep seeing the scene from Planes, Trains. and Automobiles. \nTrump: "Mike? Where\'s your head?\n\nMike: " Between two pillows\nTrump: "Those aren\'t pillows!"', 'At some point I hope he returns to his home planet.', 'Some people you watch just because he makes you laugh', "Hilarious. He's a damn joke just like his crusade!!!", 'A"pillow" filled with "the bodies of dead, old, worn thin pillows!" ( LOL)  HORRIBLE product and "inventer!!!!!"', 'Never thought there would be the day a guy gets too crazy for Fox News. This my thought since 2010-2011 with Fox News when the last guy on there stopped doing true news.', 'The jokes just write themselves!!!', 'That\'s why they call it "dope"', 'Cant you see he’s delusional ?', 'I like hearing this guy is going through hardships, sales way down, getting sued, broken relationship with FAUX NEWS.', 'He has a $5 million offer out to ANY forensic IT person at a high enough skill level who can prove his evidence about election interference is not true. Wonder how many will try to win the bet, and attend his symposium in August?', 'The forensic audits of the 2020 ballots is spreading faster across the 🇺🇸 then the Delta variant of the virus.', '0:24 "This was the biggest fraud and the biggest crime against humanity"\n\nHolocaust, Slavery, North Korea, Witch-hunt, Lakota massacre, Guantanamo and many many more: "Are we a joke to you?"\n\nHitler had Goebbels, Trump has his \'Mypillow-Guy\'.', 'So MikePillow is all in on his delusions at the expense of his own company. Sounds about "right" as in far-right.', 'I wouldn’t buy his pillow if he gave it to me for free.', 'FoxNews is having "buyers remorse" when coming to Lindell, shame I wish they had that feeling when it comes to Trump.', "Someone from the press please ask T***p on what day in August, 2021, he's going to be reinstated.", 'I’d rather sleep on my hand.', 'He should start MyPillow News. " Let\'s put ths story to bed ". " They are trying to pull the covers over our eyes " " Makes me want to punch the feathers out of him"', 'MyPillowGuy went back to blow Breaking News.', 'His pillows and towels are the best 🇺🇸', "I'll never buy anything from him", 'This is a win/win.  He loses lots of call volume and therefore income and Fox News loses lots of income.  The snake is killing itself.', 'Are we sure Mike is an EX-addict?', "I'm sick of his ads and I don't watch Fox news at all because he makes me sick of him for his love for Trump and Trump doesn't care about anyone except himself and that is it!!! He will keep pushing his agenda and Trump will not care if he loses every penny Lindell has and then Trump won't even answer his calls at all!!!", 'That crack has long term repercussions.', 'My grandfather was a self-made millionaire and he told me the most important thing to selling, "Never discuss politics or religion."', 'Its amazing how otherwise normal looking people can live in a lunatic fantasyland.', 'Hey Mike.. Step away from the crack Pipe~!', 'Pure, INSANITY !', 'This guy a true patriot 👏 giving these out for Christmas, and birthdays 😆 🤣', 'He needs that for himself might be the real reason he stop buying ad time', "Is this the same Mr. Trump that order the military to participate in the Wuhuan military games, so as to not embarrass China, although he had solid evidence that the Wuhan lab,  where the games was being held, had a deadly Virus leak in September of 2019? He doesn't sound to trustworthy to me.", 'The only "BIG LIE" as far as Brian Stelter is concerned is his sexuality! Get out the closet already!', "Were Mike and Donny separated at birth? I did hear, however, that Mike hung out with Marshall Applewhite...and he's now waiting for the new comet.", 'Seth Meyers does a mean "Mike Lindell."', "When Fox News becomes too far left for ya, well it's time to go get de-programmed!", 'It\'s embarrassing to see a man in his 50\'s? So delusional.  You\'d think those that love him would have a "come to Jesus" moment.  Like if he was an alcoholic. Like Rudy.', "Why not watch it with an OPEN MIND! It doesn't look good for the Dems!", 'The pillows were just standard, he hyped them to the fools who watch Fox News with his own weird brand.  He is dead in the water without ads on Fox.', '1:53  "I actually use it believe it or not"....no he doesn\'t, I\'m sure he\'s using  imported more expensive, more famous brand than My Pillow...', 'He is insane. He really needs to be evaluated to determine his threat to others', 'How can you make so much money selling pillows?', 'I got the best night of sleep in my life not because of your lousy pillows but the night Mr. Biden became the President of the United States!!!', 'Is fox going to sue him too? He pulled the add to pay for legal fee', 'It’s sad when you see a stupid man and a stupid news station fall out of love. I’m sad so sad.  It’s a sad sad situation', 'Wait, wait a minute. Was the, "My Pillow Guy" pulling a, "Better Call Saul" scam on Trump and the GOP, this whole time?', 'Any connection to this report and the actual facts is purely coincidental.', 'Love Mike Lindell', 'Damn, I really need a new pillow, but tf is this lol', 'MASSIVE WATER LEAK STOPPING THE COUNT And come to find out it never happened', "Even Fox isn't deranged enough for Lindell so he's taking his pillow and going home!", 'This Pillow guy is CRAZY‼️', 'Even Trump thinks MyPillow Guy is way to out there, remember Trump’s reaction when MyPillow Guy pulled that handwritten paper out about Trump & God at President’s Podium.', 'Politics aside, My Pillow was the worst pillow I’ve never experienced.', 'Last I checked, "My Pillow" were the only ads on Fox/Faux News/Nonsense.  I guess they\'ll have to rely on impotence product ads, and racist propaganda to pay for their programming. Sigh.', 'The world of Trump is crumbling hoping to get an indictment and arrest before Christmas.', 'It was probably Fox News who told Mike Lindell they were not going to air his BS.  It would just give more ammo for Dominion lawsuit.', 'He pulled the ads bc the declined his ad for his symposium coming up', 'Yes! Another prediction I wrote about in 2020 on CNN has now come true:\n*"Fox News is going to lose advertisers/ads."*', 'CNN is for entertainment only lol 🤣', 'No! Keep that same energy you had earlier... SMDH', "He's a joke", 'that thumbnail in 144p lol', 'Lindell is delusional and Fox "News" and its talking heads, despite refusing to air Lindell\'s "ad", is pushing for an extreme right wing agenda. Why? For money and damn the consequences for our democracy.', '"Sometimes, stay in your lane" 🤣😂🤣🎯💯', 'His products are over hyped, and not the most comfortable pillows out there anyway.', 'sure and put them on the radio...he’s a thinker. He should start donating them to prison inmates, get on their good side before he gets there himself', 'Those pillows are bogus read the reviews', "He's pillowing himself publicly.", 'How does that man sleep at night?', 'Someone needs to update him on some actual crimes against humanity. I think he thinks they are something else.....', "We'll be seeing my pillow ads on CNN shortly. Guaranteed!", "He's smoking crack!", 'Wait...  Lindell has picked FRIDAY THE 13TH as the day tRump returns?!  Hahaha', 'There is something so sexy about Erin Brunette', 'Recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and freedom in the world.\n\nPreamble-Universal Declaration of the Human Rights \n\nAll human beings are born free and equal in dignity and Rights . They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood\n\nArticle 1- The universal Declaration of human Rights\n\nEveryone has the right to life , liberty and security of person .\n\nArticle 3- The Universal Declaration of Human Rights.', "Pillow Case is pulling ads because he's broke -the grift stopped working", 'I keep hearing people keep finding dead rat parts in my pillow. Is it true?', 'Hes positioning for potus.', 'America, we have a crime in Australia: Outraging Public Decency, if only you could use it on traitors like MyPillow guy and the Kraken lady.', 'He’s pulling the ads because he can’t pay for them, he’s going broke!', 'Finally money isn’t power', "Well, it's August now. I for one am getting tired of waiting for the day of reackoning 🤔", "That's one thing that MSM is good at Big lies and delusion... And deflecting things...", 'The only people left who might buy his pillows all watch Fox "News"', "Isn't this wonderful I hope they all get what they deserve", 'Dangerous is you guys we see u hear u will remember it all.', "Lindell's big event like the reveal of Al Capone's vault. 😏", 'Pillow guy has more foam in his head than in one of his pillows.', 'I created Stonehenge, but my pet unicorn helped me.', 'He’s got pillows 🤣 to sale', 'Lindell is crazy. The fact that his business somehow somewhat makes money shows how great this country really is. I’m done with these idiots.', 'ML needs to be lose his CEO position in the company.', 'foxnews and mypillow mike are a perfect match, made in hell..', "There's a man in dire need of a good therapist.", 'This man is SICK!!!', 'Why is this guy ruining his business for Trump, I will never know.', 'Ok, we’re all stressed but the puns. Dude…', "Curious how Amazon works? If you order say... a pillow on Amazon, open it then return it with the original packaging damaged,  you will get 100% of your money back. Amazon still makes money on the sale and return and the seller gets stuck with all the fees and double shipping cost. Plus since the item will no longer be in sellable condition the company is out the inventory and has to pay a disposal fee. That's just how Amazon works.", 'Being associated with Drumf costs him a fortune. Since January  2021, multiple retailers  have  dropped MyPillow. Now he is singing his own songs "Oh my pillow, my bed, my meds!!"', 'The "news" is getting beyond ridiculous now. There MUST be more important things going on than wtvr this is. Gun violence? Poverty? \n\nCNN is so petty 🤣', 'What a shame.  Mike and Tucker really deserve each other.', 'Stay in your lane. ... Keep dreaming on those pillows.', 'So when August 13th comes and goes what is Mike going to do go back to the pipe?', "Guys watch something else! Lol this crap show has been going on for years. They still make new episodes of the Simpsons there's other stuff on", 'You really sound like a biggest screwball ever', "Best just ignore this madman. He's not well.", 'Showing the long term effects of substance abuse again.', 'Oh darn 🤣', '“The biggest crime against humanity “ he he', "I have proof! Lots of proof.  Just wait. I'll show you all my proof...you'll just have to wait and then you'll see all of my proof.", 'He can take his ads from all of TV please! I rather buy something from satan then mypilliow', 'My pillow is not really good anyway I still 😓 sweated on it', 'Because he wants to go bankrupt again and locked away in an asylum where doctors and inmates would be his command audience. 😆', 'This live stream he is planning should NOT be allowed!', '"This was the biggest fraud, and I believe the biggest crime against humanity...." ~Mike Lindell projecting for his "friend" Mara Lardo.', "he's nuts!!!", 'Why would China want a more stable administration in power of the United States of America?', 'Me personally will lose no sleep over Fox pulling his adds.', 'Problem is, if the Freakonimics podcast is to be believed, most advertising is a net loss anyway so he might just do better without them.', 'The hacked voting machine debate is irrelevant as hand recounts have validated the electronic results.', 'Fox can get new adds ,  can he stay out of jail ? 🤔', 'Does anyone you know have a my pillow? Just curious.', 'I guess the pillow guy is taking it to the mattresses.', "They are turning on each other.  That's a good sign.", 'I feel bad for him because I think his mind was destroyed by his former crack addiction… but given that, there’s a certain point where animal control needs to be called in for sick dogs', 'Wow! Even Fox shut him down?', 'Tell fredo I just seen his brother on the news. El oh el', 'When a penny owns the whole dollar,either your money  is worth less or all the people with the  money are worthless.', 'Lindell"s poison pillows', 'What happened to him saying that Trump will be reinstated on August 13th?', 'YRUMP INFECTED ALL OF MY PILLOWS WITH COVID -19 😆', 'He’s a phony and knows it', 'Fox News seems to respect honor over 50 million $ for pillow ads. You gotta start somewhere to "clean house".', 'BRIAN DOUCHE KNOWS NOTHING', 'Good thing I\'m not a fan of "MyPillow."', 'He could probably get a good price for ads on the Lindell TV network.', 'Lol 😂😆😂😆 I swear comedy.', 'I can’t wait to see CNN’s coverage of the Cuomo scandal. Gee…….why do you suppose they are the only network who isn’t covering it? It’s almost like they have an agenda and they know their viewers are gullible.', 'there must be loosers if there are to be winners', '50 mil dollar wtf i think he is in love with Trump how sweet is that', 'Repeat a lie enough you will eventually believe it.', 'We get it, even the media is trying this insult consumers.', 'So then Soon comes a time Tucker Carlson gets booted off for not enough support in ads?  Please hope this to be true.', 'Can anyone buy a "MeinPillow", or do you have to join a cult?', 'Why is now one going after the 5,000,000 dollars put up to prove him wrong ? Hmm .', 'Hey crazy dude… try newsmax your next best friend ! 😂😋', 'James 4:7\nSubmit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.', 'Has Fox finally learned that they may get sued big-time for promoting this guy?\nLike Trump, Lindell just keeps shooting himself in the ass with his mouthing off.', 'Perhaps the "Pillow Punk" is trying to out do Trump on how many times he can file chapter 13?', 'Has anybody you know ever slept on a My Pillow?', "I think 'ol Mikey is back on the crack.", 'If fox has tuned him out, why is CNN tuning him in & running an ad clip?', 'Bravo Mike !!!  Boo FOX News !!!', 'Shuts up one major outlet for Lindell, hurts Faux "news", seems like a win-win to me.', 'If enough people take Lindell seriously,  then the calculated dumbing down of the American electorate by the right-wing has been a success.', 'going to lose that sense? its already happened..', 'So no ones going to mention his way too dark mustache?!?! Mike your clearly insane get help because crack kills!!!', 'Hes 100% back on the crack', "Wouldn't it be funny if a successful, multi-million dollar company were run into the ground because the CEO is a kook who isn't smart enough to just shut up already?", "Y'all turned to punz.. \nGet back to news... \nNot these stories..", 'The anti cancel culture just culture canceled Fox. I won’t miss either of them. 🙋\u200d♀️', 'The insane party.', 'My pillow guy has brain cells fried after  narcotic abuse and his ranting and delusional activity prove it.', 'Again: Everything trump touches dies or goes bankrupt...', 'According to my information Fox found out that the pillows are no good. That is why they refused further ads. They will not allow lies on their channel.', "I remember when I was getting convinced to try his pillows. Before I did I found he was a big time supporter of trump. I didn't buy anything from him. 👍 Psycho.", 'I never liked his pillows!', 'I see Lindell is another [like McIninininy] that hangs a cross around his neck... as if to project some “integrity”.\nLittle do they know, for many of us, it indicates the opposite.', 'He will give you 5 million dollars if you can debunk his proof of election fraud', 'Mike the United States Sepreme Court is in recess from the last week of JUNE to the first MONDAY of OCTOBER.\nSo how in the heck can THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT MAKE THIS RULING ON THE 13TH OF AUGEST,?  \nWILL YOU PLEASE EXPLAIN IT TO US.', 'Someone needs a drug test for eating or smoking to many drugs!', 'Fox can’t keep up 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🥶😬', 'I’m ready… for Biden to be president in September 😎', 'Should we trust DC police able to back up capitol police within 20 minutes?  Goons can come into the area as individuals.  Look out for those with backpacks who are young, agile and angry.  Read the history of Michigan Militia for what can occur still this year in DC.', 'I guess oodles of millions of advertising dollars no longer buys you the "air time" right to out-crazy the Crazies on Fox (not)News like it used to.', 'I hope they take my pillow guy off every channel..', 'This guy been having a big reveal fot months. August will not be a big reveal. Just another hyped up and then fall flat on your face incident', 'For all who think he is crazy, I dont think you are going to get the five million dollars he is offering to the one that can prove him wrong', 'Good pillows', "Poor guy has became Trump's poppet, wherever he promises him he falls for that", "Let's hope MyPillow soon becomes MyBankruptcy.", 'Seems Mike and Faux are having issues with their cancel culture', 'I enjoy My Pillow commercials,they have more truth in those commercials than CNN has on their news.Im switching to fox news for facts.', "Well Fox and Lindell got into bed together, now they are going to play out a messy divorce. I don't feel sorry for the conundrum that Fox is found itself in: damned if you do damned if you don't....that's your Ex now FOX, it's gonna cost you regardless at this point. \n\nI'd say keep your pride and pay up; but there is no pride with that fraud network.", 'Pillows are on sale from $89 to $29.  He’s losing business because of his relationship with Trump.', 'Mike is  only one talking about hacked servers - I support his effort - the CIA is suspiciously quiet.', "This a news channel? Why do I care about this my pillow and his ads don't care", 'Fortunately,  for Mike, CNN is happy to pick up the slack.', 'The Establishment Apparatchiks view Mike Lindell as a political dissident.', 'I remember his commercials. I had them on the phone, credit card in hand. Placing my order. When I found out he is  a Trump fool. I immediately canceled my order. I do not spend my money on traitors.', 'The problem with Lindell and his Pillow is that at some point you run out of suckers that don’t know how horrible those pillows really are!', 'Lindell is back on the Columbian marching powder', 'We will see about that keep watching', "Aaaaaand,  he started running his pillow ads on MSNBC.  I don't believe it will have the same impact with that audience.  But MSNBC is HAPPY to take his money. However,  it does one thing. It buys MSNBC's silence. You won't hear his name.", 'Get the strait jacket out please!!!', 'He just got more advertising than he would have got on Fox.', 'Would like to send U a " telling video"..What address can I send this on ?? Tnx', "Stop giving Trump and Lindell Airtime. That's how you stop them.", 'Lindell is absolutely delusional', 'Current date 2nd of August 2021. 29 days left. (Sarcastic tone) I will be shocked, SHOCKED I tell you, if he does not deliver.', "Anyone believing MyPillow guy need to consider the source for Pete's sakes.", 'Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy', 'Too much mastication will cause increased swallowing.Chew on that and 😃', 'All of those waisted millions of dollars !  Selling lies and dangerous misinformation !  \nWhat a clown !', 'He needs the advertising money for lawyers.', 'If 🦊News and Mike Lindell want to be a couple of all out crybabies due to civil lawsuits-- LET them. Besides, Alex Jones will very soon be in their legal rowboat.', 'You can become a millionaire in USA even if you are a my pillow guy.', 'Looks like you could use some sleep bro', 'Those puns were fun.', '"Biggest crime against humanity..."  Yet another Holocaust denier.', 'When you’re lying too much for Fox News…hee hee hee.', 'My Pillow is being advertised in our Local Newspaper here in UK. The title "My Pillow" is written just the same. I suppose he will try and prop up Boris "Trump" in the next Election.', 'hes not even good at pillows, theyre way overpriced and do not stay puffed up.', 'CNN wants his pillow sales like CNNs ratings…. Dropped below the poverty line', 'Recall CA Gov Newsom!\xa0 Take back California!', 'Leave crack alone kids.', 'what a washout', 'Don’t buy this crazy man’s pillows!', 'why would u even play the ads of a crackhead in the first place', "I'm giving everyone in\n my family a my pillow", '🤣😂 this is the news on CNN 🤣😂', 'Lying about your pillows is easier than lying about reality', 'Uh oh, trouble in paradise. I think the Pillow Pusher has relapsed. 🥴', 'so on Sept. 1st he will say I meant August 2022', 'Little Brian at it again.', "No doubt CNN have their loyal viewers who can watch nothing else I'm just curious as to how these people (Stelter and his ilk) can look at themselves and family in the eye .. That's right I forgot this America money changes everything", 'Mike Lindell is just crazy', 'Oh, the "I believe..." defence. Belief is not evidence, why is this so difficult to understand?', "Mike's pillows are too expensive and are not comfortable", '@Humpty-Dumpty  ……. CNN’s  best', 'How to get your product featured on CNN: Get cancelled by Fox News', 'Half the stories on CNN are either about Trump or Fox. How about some news one day.', 'My Pillow Guy, the gentile Sabbatai Tzvi. So convinced he is hamashiach, that he leads thousands to ruin.', 'I don’t know what this guy is drinking but it’s not helping him or anybody around him and G his pillows are cheaper now having a hard time selling them Mike.', 'Where is Mike on Blackberry Stock?? If he is against Blackberry -  BUY BUY BUY!!!!', '0:28 the holocaust has entered the chat', 'I used to watch Fox that all ended January 6th 2021', 'I heard it was bad for your neck and some people are becoming crippled…\nAre they starting a class action lawsuit against him?', 'Pop the popcorn 🍿 😎', 'No My Pillow on FOX? Do they have any advertising left?', "He's a liability.", 'Looks like he\'s back on crack, he really acts like he\'s strung out on crack and nobody mentions a word that he\'s acting like someone with an addiction. He is hyper, and believes that he is the messenger that will save America.  " PILLOW BOY "', "Mike Lindell has made so much money and selective respect in the last year, he can AFFORD to be picky about where his ads go. This isn't some good story about the idiot half of this country self-cannibalizing. Also these networks need to learn to not give free advertising to these morons. That's a huge reason Trump won in 2016", 'Those pillows aren’t even all that great anyway.', "Wow.  Didn't see FOX getting the guts to turn down big cash!", "It's the weird ones that makes the world an interesting place.", 'Lindell is just a modern day "snake-oil" salesman... A caravel act that has turned dangerous...', 'Take a good look kids ... Crack ruins your mind 😏', 'Search for:   "Let\'s talk about Republicans rejecting democracy"  Share \nthe video AND YOUR CONCERNS with your democratically elected officials \nwhile you still can...', 'Pogressive media reported this weeks ago. Well done CNN for catching up.', 'Is Mike having drug problems again?', 'So how\'s the "cancel culture" theory going to work on this?  FOX tried to cancel Lindell, and in turn, Lindell tries to cancel FOX....  Who\'s cancelling who?', 'Check out this Tinkerbell. \nWhat about when he got roasted on live interview by his own boss..', 'LOLLLLLL!! Holy crap man.. This is getting too sad now.', 'Like Kayleigh McEnany to add to your image , wear your crucifix so it is always on view to the camera.  I can’t lie, I am a committed Christian.', 'A fool and his money are soon parted also the fools network rejects him for being\r\ndeluded and unhinged. The deep end looms pillow dude.', 'You need to pull all of your ads from T.V.', 'Insanity knows no bounds.', 'The doors..Riders on the storm!!\nOFF with his head!!\n😇😜', 'For not liking him they sure do talk about him a lot.', 'Mr. Lindell.....make the best pillow you can and stay out of politics please.', 'Oh no! _Now_ what scam will Fox viewers throw their money at?!', 'welcome to trump world in a nut shell', 'It\'s not often that I think, "there goes a company that would be better off with more public shareholders, ", in fact it\'s probably something nobody thinks, but the only thing that could stop him flushing his business away would be self interested shareholders', 'Lindell and FOX are not even spooning anymore.\nSad.', 'Mike has a history of self destructive behavior. \n\nDoes overcoming is drug habit qualify him for political leadership?\n\nDoes being able to pass a sobriety test and stand on one foot qualify one to compete in polevaulying in the Olimpic games?', '😂😂😂😂😂😂😂', 'Poor Little Brian Stelter, laughing stock of Clown News Network.', 'It’s about time Fox took responsibility and started to put lives ahead of its profit!', 'Shopping channel in Canada dropped his pillows.🇨🇦🇺🇸', 'Back on crack!', 'Mike Pillow pulled his pillow ads from Fake News Channel, but only to make room for his new product "my-straight-jacket"', 'U smoke crack don\'t  u ? Boy don\'t u smoke crack!! " Lean on me "good movie', 'Lindell wears a cross so I am assuming he is a Christian, most likely of the barking mad fundamental type. Lying seems to come so easily to these folk.', "TALK ABOUT THE WUHAN LAB YOU DEMORATS 👊💪🇺🇸 WE'RE TAKING THIS COUNTRY BACK IN 6 MONTHS 💪🇱🇷💯💪", "Nobody wants to be in BED with The My Pillow Guy........ You can't make this stuff up lmaooooooo 🤣🤣🤣😂😂                            😷", 'What IS FOX’s job?', 'If it was Russia instead of China you all believe it the first second you hear russia 🇷🇺', 'Is the kraken still coming?! 😂', 'He has fried his brain on all the drugs ..', 'Seltzer is the man', "Some time money can get you where you dont feed and who care about a pillow i had never got a pillow from this crack head and i'm happy with my pillow.this guy is not a politician and he dont know anything abot politick but i guess in politic money is a big win", 'He thanks CNN for the free pub, and yet more Trump too…', 'Sue Mike Lindell for his lies.', 'Well he put up $5 million to anyone that can disprove the evidence he has....weeks later still no takers. I would say he has something.', 'LOVE my   my pillow', 'Crazy claims of voter fraud!? Lol Let’s not forget the 4 years of intense Congressional investigations when Trump beat Hillary.', 'Trying to save himself, too late', 'Boycott My Pillow!', 'This guys delusional and unfortunate i have a pair of his pillows that i bought from QVC its not all that just another pillow😇', 'Please pull them everywhere do us all a favor.', "Maybe I'll buy his pillow. The ones I have suck.\nSo CNN how's bankruptcy going? See you are under value and owe more money then you're worth."], ['What are you doing to protect yourself and others against Covid-19? -Chris', 'Dying from covid might be a easier way to go compared to what we will face in the next 2 decades.', 'The fact is that by now we have all either had COVID, had the vaccine, or been offered the vaccine. It’s now a matter of personal liberty.', 'What if the side effects of that 5yr life extending pill left you paralyzed would you still take it?', 'I will get vaccinated when cigarettes, vapes, alcohol and fast food gets banned.', 'This literally doesn’t do anything to explain why people are in an alternate covid universe. Also - don’t quote a person for your data USE THE ACTUAL DATA', 'DARE, just say no to drugs.', "This pharma infomercial felt patronizing to listen too, where can i find the Covid Proporganda that doesn't target the lowest common denominator? If y'all want me inoculated you've got to put some effort into it.", 'I love that CNN is trying to be hip by presenting the news in a “whacky YouTuber” style.  You are still propaganda.', 'Ok I gotta correct this guy. \nBiden and Kamala said and I quote “I wouldn’t trust if Donald trump has a vaccine”\nQuommo from New York said “we should question the vaccine if it’s rushed”', 'Taking the word of politicians for medical advice to get a unapproved experimental drug that has absolutely no accountability such as liability if it goes wrong is the height of insanity and stupidity. I do not want to live in that universe as it seems to be filled with mentally challenged sheep.', "It's so dumb that this is treated as a political issue because it's really not.", 'I wish I lived in an alternate universe - one without CNN and its ilk.', 'We need to normalize changing our opinions when presented with new information, (maybe we should teach kids how to do it).', 'Hahahahahaha. I LOVE the Crossfit kipping bar swinging "pull ups" insert when referencing doing something against ones best interest.', "I'm waiting until the government releases the Theta, Rho, Lambda, Gamma, Phi, Psi, Sigma or Kappa variants to see if those either kill me or turn me into an Epsilon. I mean, the Beta test original obviously wasn't powerful enough to take me out, so I'll take my chances with the rest of what they have in store.", 'People who ain’t vaccinated don’t want to be vaccinated period!!!', 'What a great image for the thumbnail!', 'Yes!!! My pharmacy portfolio nearly doubled. \nGET THE VACCINE -  Go go go 🤗', 'Stephen Kinng’s The Stand on the bottom shelf, right hand side.  The Stand was about a world ending virus.  Coincidence?', 'I AM HOLDING on to Sanity while those calling me insane continue to help it become worse, as "we" hold their opinions, lovingly, within us still.  \n\nThis is what happens to a child that has to compete for love its whole life with the ones calling it FAM. \n\nOur love became toxic.\n\nWe are helping others see it as we did when we did see it in us, also, now.\n\nI\'m not angry with you and these words are happy to be free from that box you saw in me. \n\nWe would never want to do that to you as boxes do not let you grow up when we don\'t outgrow, at least a few.  \n\nThat is the nicest thing we may do, as it is part of the learning process that gives degrees to you.', 'The politicians fooled us again and got us fighting each other instead of focusing on their incompetence!!', "Haha!  I bet CNN is cheating by increasing their likes because they can't keep up with the dislikes.", 'Trust the data. Question those interpreting it.', "You SOBs on youtube now have me in a panic, I'm getting first dose on Tuesday, I better not get the virus on Monday or I will be PISSED.", 'Could it be that most of these people have an underlying medical condition?  \nA brain that works and eyes to “see thru the fog of LIES.”', 'cnn is from alternate universe.\nimagine telling feiry but mostly peaceful protest when the entire building is on fire and looting everywhere.', "Oh now it's a new strain they released on the people.", "When Trump was still president, guess who didn't want to take the vax???", 'I wish everyone could just get together and go dancing with  Rashida Tlaib. Because apparently there is no more variant', 'Now would be a good time to get a laugh and watch George Carlin talking about swimming in the sewage infested Hudson river when he was a kid.', 'You’re the one living in an alternate universe. Love how they use numbers like “99.5%” of all deaths, but don’t tell you that only 1.8% of people who have caught Covid actually died from it. And the vast majority were elderly. We’re not in an alternate universe, you are. The one that was created by main stream media to make you think this was SOOOOO deadly when it wasn’t.', "If people choose to get vaccinated that is fine. If people choose not to get vaccinated that is also fine please respect everybody's choices. Vaccinated or not we are still human beings", '“Why CNN lives in an alternate universe”', "Just an idea. Allow unvaccinated shopping say Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Vaccinated shopping Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. So there's no interaction between groups. With Sunday being funeral day for the unvaccinated.", 'Why is the govt forcing everyone to take the jab?I wish to live in a different universe.Never expected things would go reverse.Cant imagine how govt is pushing towards the vaccines😡😡😡', 'You act like all of the unvaccinated are completely unaware of what the virus is and what it does.  A huge amount have already had the virus and simply do not care.  Especially long haulers, etc.  Some long haulers do not believe they will ever get the abnormalities caused by the spike protein out of their systems.  Nice try though, almost 2 years in.', 'If I got the virus and recovered, do I need to take the VACCINE? If yes. Why?', 'Do not trust a "man" wearing blue glasses with a matching watch😬', 'Do people really watch cnn to get a dose of readily? 🤣 that’s funny', 'Every single employee and regular viewer of cnn live in an alternate universe,  💯', 'Eventually this will all be over, maybe years down the line, and with a lot of suffering in between.  I don’t think people in the US want to be confronted with reality…', "Here's the thing, everything in this world is about money. If lying means making more money, than so be it. Please think critically people.", "Why is CNN like this why, I'm not even looking for this I was looking up stuff for Canada", 'Sue the media! The media platforms are broadcasting medical advise, as if they are medical professionals. They need to be held legally accountable and financially accountable, for everyone that has followed any medical advice from any of these broadcasts, or others.', 'Tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough it will be accepted as truth - Some Famous German dictator', 'CNN is the kid in your class with no credibility trying to tell on you!! Lmfao', 'Y’all are indoctrinated asf 💀', '"Cause science"...... gawd, were all so tired of the fauci drones bleating out the same lines over and over...... STFU.', 'Here I\'ll change the title for u CNN. " Why CNN lives in an alternative universe"', 'I like how he saids “a pill that is FDA approved” unlike the COVID vaccine. 1:52', 'Every once in a while, I try to get through a CNN video.  I failed again. Man. . this garbage is hard to watch.', "There are those who still bark 🙄 about the vaccine industry making it so they can't get sued in the 80s.", 'Blames others for politicizing the virus. Goes on to politicize the virus 🙄', 'lol....\n(CNN) Fully vaccinated people who get a Covid-19 breakthrough infection can transmit the virus, US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Rochelle Walensky said Thursday.', "When you can't accept reality you create your own and only associate with those who agree...", 'Why does CNN live another dimension', 'Who the hell would trust the guy who funded COVID 19?', 'See here in Arkansas we know everyone we are mostly all related here but what we all know here is that this guy is lying. Science in America 🇺🇸 is a guy in a white coat making claims just like this guy,  no science at all Involved here', 'Only 24% of African Americans have been vaccinated; So are you saying they too are living in an alternate Universe… racist?', '"You can evade reality,  but you can\'t evade the consequences of evading reality." Ayn Rand , I know, ironic isn\'t it.', '@0:30 vaccine hesitation started with Biden , Kamala and CNN. “Trump is Delusional if he thinks he’s getting a vaccine by 2020”  - MSM 🌝', 'My body my choice well that only works for murder!', 'babylon means "confusion"', "All of you need Jesus!! God will Open your eye's The Truth will set you Free:)", 'So...who cares then? If someone wants to be more likely to die then allow them that freedom.', 'CAll ME A HERO because Im donating it to you Sir. 😎', 'Why cnn lives in an alternate universe... that’s cute coming from this “outlet”', 'I like your blue glasses , they match your sweater 👍', 'If I were this guy I’d be more concerned with his low t.', 'Trust Washington to tell you the truth?........not likely.\n\nIf Washington pushes it, you gotta assume it’s REALLY BAD FOR YOU.', 'This whole video is a total lie.', 'Keep killing your credibility CNN.', 'Great! Now we gotta pay the doctor bills for the stupid 👍', 'Last I checked it was still a free country, I know joe and cnn are working on that but until then people have every right to decide for themselves', 'Same people who would scream for antibiotics', "Great stuff.  As usual.  Is that little clip of MTG jerking around on a bar an actual exercise?  I saw a longer version of this clip b4 and thought it was of someone who is off their meds.  Don't mean to denigrate fitness people it is just that I have never seen this particular one b4.  Thanks very much.", 'Getting to the trucks we will take you to a safe place.', 'Is it too late to save the word "alternative?"', 'Pfizer perpetuates propaganda', 'Welcome to the new generation 🤔', 'What alternate universe is chris cuomo living in?', 'Your mom lives in an alternate universe.', "It'd be anti-science to ignore natural immunity.", 'Because your reality is a bad B horror movie. Last I checked we still have a 98.2% or better survival rate. And if your into numbers 605,000 died the first 10-11 months, only 10,000 the last 7. The "Pandemic" has become anemic.', 'See the first couple words at the beginning is already the answer the rest of your opinion to elaborate when you change the definition of her community for political transitional gain\n\n we are all in an alternate universe when somebody likes to play Scrabble', '😂', 'Red roses!!!!! You remembered.🥰', 'here’s the problem once agin the CDC  are basing everything off science here are the 3 steps of science  The basic steps of the scientific method are: 1) make an observation. Observation is based off of a opinion of the person who is doing the observation 2) create a hypothesis, a hypothesis isn’t a fact it’s a reasonable Guess 3) test the hypothesis, once agin hypothesis isn’t a fact it’s a reasonable guess so you are testing things that aren’t facts and by guessing meaning you are testing something fictional and 4) draw conclusions and refine the hypothesis. Once agin testing something based off the best guess to the problem Now you are drawing conclusions based off a Guess that isn’t a fact just a guess. That is called pseudo science. pseudo meaning not genuine spurious or sham meaning fake because it’s not a fact. There are always and science is imperfect for that very reason. Real science is water boils at 212 degrees. A fact not a guess. So why are we going by dr Fucci and CDC word he just guesses. Why does his word make up for the whole 328.2 million people in the U.S. and a government pushing a vaccine this hard is very suspicious. If you think they are here to help and care about you and you don’t draw any suspicion from that you should probably go get checked.', 'Darwin had it right….the  lame die the strong  breed', "It's not us in the alternate reality.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/CJMc47b3iwA\n\nIt's you. You look at us through aquarium glass, except you can't tell if you're the fish or not when it's clear to the rest of us.", 'Reject facts. Just listen to what you wanna hear', 'Genetic mutation is against the law UNLESS it’s approved by the FDA. Hello dear mutants.', 'After being fed lies since the onset of Covid it’s no wonder people don’t trust anything they hear', 'CNN is like having a fat personal trainer who smokes cigarettes give you nutritional advice while eating a pepperoni pizza', '#UNVACCINATED\n💪🏼 \nGimme a hug!!', 'If you need your 2 minutes of hate tune into CNN', 'I’m not interested in the vaccine.', "When the FDA approves the vaccine I'll get it. Until then nope, just because an emergency order allowing it to be given doesn't mean it's safe.  I'll take my chances with covid no problems so far.", 'I just hear _pop up video_ every time I watch.', 'You damage control PRs are feeling our resistance', 'Hows the vaccinations going at the Border??\nOh wait, they dont exist', 'I got my butt wiped... Joe Biden.', 'How much was you paid to say all that 🤔', 'Hello Chris, can you please add "The Point" to the video title? It will make it easier for us to search. \nthank you', 'Satan always tries to get others to join', 'What’s the death count right now from the delta variant ?', '“About 74% -- or 346 cases -- had been fully vaccinated. Of those cases, 79% reported symptoms. Genetically sequenced cases revealed the Delta variant as the main culprit.\n\nThe researchers found evidence that viral loads were similar among 127 fully vaccinated people and 84 others who were unvaccinated, partially vaccinated or whose vaccination status was unknown. Viral load is a proxy for how likely someone might be to transmit the virus to others.”\n\nhttps://www.cnn.com/2021/07/30/health/breakthrough-infection-masks-cdc-provincetown-study/index.html', 'how are they allowed to lie? 99.8% survive', 'Not quite long I use Intellectweb she funded my PayPal account with a lot of money invested here is perfectly the best', 'If they succumb to the virus, then I guess it is what it is', 'Force me!', "Here's our new theme song:\nhttps://youtu.be/LDVNnXOYw48", 'Do a video about the serious complications and deaths related to the vaccine. \n\nAaaaaand..... I heard both Joe and Kamala say that they wouldn\'t take a vaccine if it were developed under the Trump administration. Is it possible that these statements contributed to "vaccine hesitancy" or the "politicization of the virus"???', 'study sulfur and brain from lemon atrophy duhhhhhh', 'My body. My choice.', 'He has a high-pitched voice and big blue glasses, he must be smart. Definitely not the literal personification of pseudo-science.', '99.5% survival rate or more. No vaccine needed.', 'I know some who get their medical advice from tik tok 😳', 'This guy thinks "science" is watching Rick and Morty.', "I'll bet that unfinished, paid in full in advance border wall letting in now millions of unvaccinated immigrants has absolutely nothing to do with it. Right?", '"This pandemic is an opportunity for a reset" - Klaus Schwab - High chair man of World Economic Forum at Davos', 'Silly presentation, poor content. Good for me to know, CNN is NOT USA. Best wishes from germany. See you next time.. in nyc, UNvaccinated 💪', '"they won\'t vaccinate me alive".. well, all he need to do now is wait.', 'Your donald trump argument just invalidated your science. FAIL!!', 'oh boy can’t wait to read the comment section on this one', 'Put some bass in your voice.', 'True as hell.', "Actually, there is an all too apt rhyming word with vaccinate if you're discussing the unvaccinated. It is:\n\n\nProcrastinate", 'Research graphene oxide', 'This is an alternate lost universe  .', 'This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. Any questions?', 'Imagine actually listening to this guy 🤣', 'More lies by main stream news', 'Talk about mass psychosis', 'Here for the comments (munching on toilet paper, sitting on my throne made of water bottles)', 'How can anyone trust this bs', 'They’re all gold medal winners in the new Darwin category at the Olympics.', 'CNN lives in an alternate universe from us all (reality).', 'Think I will soon take my vaccine 🤔', 'Is the thumbnail fabricated?', 'Remember when they announced covid they said heat kills it then it should be dead because its been 100 degrees or more for weeks here in cali', 'I trade stocks with questionable vaccines....all take much longer to develop that a few months... Years actually', '🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣you guys are such a Joke!!!', 'Lmao this didnt age well hahahahahaha', 'I had to turn the volume off. 🤣', 'They’re loonies 🤦\u200d♂️', "Ya it's called freedom should try it sometime", 'Why do you lie to us?', 'Take my doses for me.', 'Clade X', 'STOP WATCHING MEDIA', 'Listening to the creator of mrna technology and his concerns with this technology with humans and that science being dismissed and all alternatives are not available to me for my choice. It makes it challenging. This is not accurate with all the information available. It’s trying to provoke and is filled with judgement with people that are not anti-vax but have concerns.', "You couldn't shut it, too late now lefties", 'Down with Big Brother', 'I spread Covid as much as I can', 'MORE BS', "I bet his wife's son is pretty cool", "Let's come back in a few years to see how well this video has aged. 🥴🤡", 'Does he have mustache \nOr a fade?', 'Keep in mind that even if EVERY American were to be vaccinated we would still have mutations growing in the global south where vaccines are scarce', 'My neighbor keeps standing in the sun without sunblock. Now I have a sunburn 😡', 'I got the vaccine and this is so condescending and ridiculous. You should be ashamed for running these narratives.', 'We are seeing in real time the Darwin effect at work.', "They'll need more people to build the Darwin Trophies.", 'There is no virus?i like roasted cheese and pickle', 'Propaganda at its finest!', "If YOUR shot work, why do I need one?\nIf YOUR shot doesn't work, why do I need one?  \nBwahahahahah, stick your shot", 'How about “incriminate”?', 'Does anyone believe you anymore?', 'It’s giving heavy on the propaganda 🥱', "For me, COVID isn't scary enough to get on a regular regimen of shots of something there is no long term data about, so I still prefer social distancing, regular hand washing and sanitizing to fight viruses, including COVID.  Not everyone will come to the same conclusion.   My politics are such that I'm for a woman's right to choose and voted for Biden in November since I couldn't vote for Elizabeth Warren.   For me it's not political at all.   It's simply my personal preference.", 'What a creep!', 'That people who vote against their self interests are against their health interests regarding taking the vaccine is hardly shocking.', 'The TWD show seems to be a big influence.', 'Good if they go\nLess mouths to feed \nGood for the planet and the cows', "Where's Fredo!!!!!!!", 'Blame the government', 'I think these people would be happier living in the Middle Ages where their world view would be more in tune with the level of scientific understanding at the time.', 'My cousin miscarried 2 days after the first shot', 'As someone is fully vaccinated, and have been for almost 7 months, this video is ridiculous Chris... if you are trying to convince anti vaxers, throwing up non comparable/contextual stats is really not helpful. Early on in this pandemic, stats were told in whole numbers.  3,200 new deaths today, ### of new cases, etc.  I hate when media does this crap, skewing stats so that it sounds the most intense and scary. OR the opposite.  It saddens me to see so journalism to into entertainment.  on both sides, left and right.  (msnbc/cnn vs Fox news)', 'U all liberals want to say it’s conservatives but I know at least ten people in my life who are not vaccinated and are liberals', "New Headline: Why CNN Employees Don't Admit Who They Work For.", "It's part of the agenda and you know it. F... U", 'How’s your views CNNPC?', 'They already have the next variants name....Communism', 'Total BS', "Hey, don't take it! More for us", "I'm sorry I had to downvote. The memes were too much", 'Its not a vaccine, its an experimental drug.', 'The alternate universe is the media\'s take:\n\n"About 74% of 469 COVID-19 cases associated with large gatherings held in Barnstable County, Mass., from July 3 to 17 were among fully vaccinated people, according to data released Friday from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.\n\nWhy it matters: The data bolsters emerging evidence that vaccinated people have high viral loads and may transmit the Delta variant as easily as those who are unvaccinated."', 'so it goes\n\n(…) in April 2020 45,033 prescriptions for Midazolam were issued, containing 333,229 items, the vast majority being Midazolam Hydrochloride. That is a 104.91% increase in the number of prescriptions issued for Midazolam and a 93.85% increase in the number of items they contained. But these weren’t issued in hospitals, they were issued by GP practices which can only mean one thing, they were issued for end of life care.\n\nThe spikes in production of Midazolam solution match the spikes of alleged Covid deaths within 28 days of a positive test.\n\n(…) The evidence suggests that the Liverpool Care Pathway returned with a vengeance in April 2020 under the direction of the Health Secretary Matt Hancock, Government Advisors and NHS Chiefs, and it looks as if it was used to manipulate you into giving up over one year of your life under the pretence that you were staying at home, to protect the NHS and save lives. But the evidence suggests that in reality you were ordered to stay at home, to protect the NHS, so that they could prematurely end the lives of the elderly and vulnerable and tell you that they were Covid deaths.', 'Lmao have you done any real research besides cnn', 'Culling of the herd. Let nature work its magic. Addition by subtraction.', 'What a weak little man', '"you won\'t vaccinate me alive", well my friend they won\'t vaccinate you dead either.', '2 weeks to slow the spread.........', 'Read about the Quantum Dot!!\nRead about Eugenics in   America.', 'BS Propaganda from Big Pharma', 'Liar my cousin got vaccinated and she still died', 'Ah the fine art of political science. Who woulda thought a vaccine would lead to divisiveness? CNN knew.', 'I have four current and one retired nurse in my family. We are ALL vaccinated.', 'Get real', 'Yeah, Those alternate Universe people like Hagler, Aaron and DMX?', 'Why is this video edited like it is for children with no attention span?  CNN?  Really?  😳', 'Swine flu vax 1976', "Fact 1 my neighbor just died from the vaccine. I won't be getting this. EVER. Also, when I see you all I can think is puppet lol.", 'Few days left for Palestine to be free', 'The third Wave is the Republican Wave.', 'Well I guess 😂 who r u trying to convince? The vaccinated 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣', "I'm fully vaxxed and can't wait till I become magnetic and not need a GPS to get around. Love those microchips!", 'When these covid deniers & anti vaccsers get covid ( and alot of them will.) Go on a ventilator & alot of them die. We can put on there tombstone. I GUESS YOU SHOWED US!', 'Is that a Corona typewriter?  I think it is!!!😃', 'What a bunch of liars', "eh i'll take my chances lol", "Why am I supposed to go back to wearing a mask to protect people who don't want to protect themselves?\n\nLet the party of personal responsibility get the lesson in Darwinian Evolution they've needed for so long", 'That didn’t age well...', 'Sidedofarm vaccine good to take or not', "At this point, I don't even know why the government is introducing lockdowns to protect those who don't want to be protected. \nIf they don't want to be vaccinated, they should just sign a waiver, that they should not overload our healthcare systems with their covid related illnesses", 'Per capita, black people get the vaccine less than most all other races do - what can be done to help our black brothers embrace the vaccine?', 'Hank Aaron.', 'Funny the Democrats politicized the Covid. Lmao', 'Thanks to Trump u have the  Vaccine thanks Joe Biden and   kamala Harris  Without i', 'Enjoy Mossad propaganda 😁', 'Why no story on CNN on governor Cuemo?', 'I know police officers, teachers , nurses and homemakers who won’t be vaccinated! Lies lies lies', 'Whatch out the boogie man is going to get you...', 'Im a Canadian conservative that cheered for Trump. and I am amazed at how Americans could politicize vaccines and masks. No serious Canadian conservative oppose mask or vaccines, its not even a controversial issue up here', 'They live in an alternate universe no matter how much data, how much research or evidence you give them. They rather go the easy rute and do as they are told by those who claim to be religious leaders. In other words they have lazy brains that rather believe in people who claim to believe in what religion they believe in rather than make rational decisions based on critical thinking. Simply because that takes time and effort from your brain.', 'In March or April 2021 the vaccinated level in The United\nStates was 75 % .\nHow in August 2021 the vaccinated rate is being reported\nas 65 % . LOL !!!', "I'm not vaccinated at this time and I don't live in an alternate universe.", 'I like my alternate universe', 'Please write a vaccine theme song. Hire Le Tigre to perform it too', 'just got over covid took less then a week to feel back to normal not vaxxed btw', "If you already been vaccinated twice then and it's supposed to be a so effective then you shouldn't catch nothing", "If you're vaccinated you're protected.........", 'This vaccine(the flu shot) is not approved by the FDA, but so what, no long term human testing or human trials, so what. That is what is happening now in real time. There are two test groups, vacc and un-vacc. It simply comes down to what test group you wish to participate in. Time will tell either way. The rest is just politics! Science so far has had very little to do with any of this.', '🥴 follow the science people', "Boosting my immune system by being vaccinated, and still taking precautions. I've had COVID 19, don't want to get it again, and don't want to give it to anyone else, even if they express opinions and act in a manner that would suggest the world would be a better place without them staining it with their presence.", 'Mark of the beast', 'No- I would not take the pill .', 'The CDC confirmed we all spread the virus regardless of who gets poked with a needle.', 'We might be going there. It’s called a New Earth. ✨🙏🏻', '🐑', 'I got my trump vaccine, it was perfect.  Thank you so much . Now let’s all get them . It was absolutely perfect.', 'Watch UK column news 3 days a week , you will gain insight', 'Clown News Network 🤡', 'Close the borders stop letting the virus cross the borders simple', 'Mentally, they might live in an alternate world bu the lethality of the virus is very real in that world.', 'Indoctrinate ryhmes with vaccinate', "I'm confused, is epidemiology not science now ? Maybe he was being redundant ? He is a highly paid pro so I doubt he would be redundant and lose some credibility, so therefore it must not be a science anymore ? Geezzz I hate how freaking lazy people are now, the man who have nothing to do all day but make a little video and yet soooooooo lazy !", 'Good job cnn for further turning everyone against eachother.', "Why are vaccinated people afraid of getting it, does that mean it doesn't work???", "0.18% mortality rate....\nEnough said.\nHowever I will die when I die and it won't be from 0.18% mortality rate.\nI will not kneel.\nYou Sir probably already have knelt, you do what your told Sir but don't think and reason honestly for yourself...", "Wow CNN... You've gone off the deep end once again.", 'The vaccine is still EXPERIMENTAL', 'Brought to you by Egg wearing glasses and wig...', "You're preaching to the converted. Or in this case the already, or soon to be, vaccinated. If you told them that they can't breathe underwater they'd drown trying to disprove you.", '99,999 vs 99,974%', "If you're vaccinated you can still become delta infected and transmit it same as a nonvaccinated person so what's the difference in getting vaccinated in the first place??", "Everyone out of the comment section I'm UN VACCINATED!!! 🧟\u200d♂️", 'Donald trump politicised vaccinations to win re-election? Can someone explain this?', 'Try the song RESPIRATOR by the band THE NETWORK.', 'You want me to tell you what you can do with that jab?????', 'Mainstream media is an alternate universe.', 'Are you speaking about the 1.01million immigrants.', 'It’s the pandemic of the unvaccinated yet only the vaccinated let it affect their day', 'Actually Trump pushed the vaccine???', 'I have cancer, asthma and got COVID. Fatigue for 6 days, took my Vitamin D3 to boost my immunity as I have been since March 2020, and rested. No fever, no cough, nothing else. Husband sailed through it too. More scientific studies to say my natural immunity will last. MSM like CNN only follows the “ get the jab” because “we don’t know narrative. Read the  science for yourself instead of the news narrative and then decide for as a free American.', "Funny because China's been covid free for the past year.", "I did everything I could to catch for virus I went to every place for spring break I was at bike week 31 State couldn't find a single person I can catch covid from and by the way I watched three baseball games recently with 30,000 Plus in attendance without a single mask so I guess it's baseball that spreading the virus", "Does anyone reading this really think that scientists have developed a covid vaccine in 1 year that reduces transmission, yet haven't been able to do so with nearly 100 years of flu vaccine development?", 'Are you going to censor this NIH report?  What are you even talking about?  https://www.nih.gov/news-events/news-releases/t-cells-recognize-recent-sars-cov-2-variants', 'Tyrant weirdos', 'My body my choice', "People who behave irrationally cannot be convinced to act rationally by trying to reason with them. They believe what they believe and that's all there is to it.", 'Medical apartheid!!!', "So let them . And don't blame Trump. \nI was sick for 2 weeks and still have horrible headaches at least once a week.\nI was not told about side effects and wouldn't take it again. How can you still trust fauci? He was center stage from the  beginning? \nHow can a non vacinated person be a threat to a vacinated?\nOr does the vacine not work?", 'Didnt Kamala Harris refuse the vaccine?', "The biggest disconnect happening here is CNN thinking that it's opinion matters more than anyone else's. What a judgemental video removing all nuance centered around this argument. Stellar work for the fatherland.", 'This didn’t answer the question of why the unvaccinated live in an alternative universe. Unless the answer is just Trump.', 'Perhaps the CDC could recommend closing the southern border like Canada did.', 'What is the issue for letting those who are at a higher risk of a COVID-19 death because they are unvaccinated remain unvaccinated with higher risk of death. At worst it’s natural selection? Trump is not the only entity which makes this public health issue a political issue… this video is a good example of one.', 'the comments are going to be turned off of this. Guarantee it.', 'Stop ‘asking Nate’ to ‘Vaccinate’ he’s too busy dropping ‘acid mate’', 'THIS GUY IS A JOKE', "I'm not taking the vaccine", 'This man, just as a human being, is the reason not to get vaccinated. A vaccination theme song is the best argument for the virus.', 'Wow this is pure trash!', '*CNN : never let a good health “crisis” go to waste.*', 'The Devil Is A Liar 💯', 'Wow no man in the mirror here', 'I finely got around to being vaccinated and feel more at ease around others. I just read this, CNN has fired three employees who violated company policy by coming to work unvaccinated against the COVID-19 virus. Those CNN employees did live in an alternate universe.', 'I would rather take.my chances getting covid than subjecting myself to unknown', 'Only in the U S. has covid-19  been so politicized some would rather listen to lies from their politicians than take advice from scientists to live.', 'Tuskegee experiment.', 'This is silly! You think everyone who is not vaccinated voted for trump ? 😂', 'Cull the herd', 'Say, Chris, not to put too fine a point on it, but your attacks against Sen Sanders and his supporters in 2020 have rendered you a "journalist" that should be ignored. Here\'s hoping you are completely irrelevant soon.', "I think I'll just get some ivermectin instead of the vaccine.", 'Shot in the dark  and you’re to blame. You give love a bad name', '"only the sick need a physician" It seem$ they\'ve learned thi$', 'The FDA has not fully approved the vaccine yet', 'Rhymes against freedom of body and self not experimental and celebrities pushing something we do not know the long-term effects of “coming from a black man “', 'The unvaccinated live in Nuremberg', "One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one's Subjective Narrative of Self🎈One can only try to understand an equal, judgement occurs from a pedestal", 'Lol, I think CNN are the ones who live in a alternative universe.', 'How does the vax know my vax status', '99.5% of guys who wear blue frame glasses think they are smarter than you.', 'Are emojis being vaccinated?', '90% of new cases are among the unvaccinated. And 99.7% will survive.', 'The polls show, the vaccinated still get it and spread it', 'You take it then', 'The non-ignorant universe', 'For the left it’s “my body, my choice” when it comes to murdering a fetus but not when deciding to take a vaccine.', "I don't think it's okay for people with underlying health problems to die after getting the vaccine.  I'm not calloused enough to just say that they were gonna die anyways or those were old people.  I think we should obey our laws.  Those that died were lied to when they were told that the benefits outweighed the risks and they still ended up injured or dread. If they thought it was safe, they would not have you sign that paper prior. Don't you dare force something someone can die from.  You're not in the clear.", 'Better than living in the Democrat Cult reality.', 'Darwinism', 'Their bodies,  their choice', 'Check the invasion', 'Darwinian trophy', 'If there was legal protections and long term evidence more people may get the vaccine. The people like you are living in a alternate universe.', "I won't be vaccinated alive neither", "Maybe the unvaxxed know something you don't know😜😜😜😜", 'The mark of the beast has been put on many . Keep your blood pure', 'Natural immunity after previous infection is real. Still no reports of previously infected cases going to the hospital to die.  Delta has been compared to chicken pox. Isolate and vaccinate those at risk and let it run through everybody else.', 'Your analogy of a pill that would make you live 5 years longer is lost on me.', 'And yet fatality rates still show a less than 1% rate on healthy young individuals, hence most of these people not concerned.  The ones dying who happen to not be vaccinated, largely people with Co morbidities from what I\'ve read. And to be fair, that can be difficult to ascertain, as specifically in the u.s that\'s the one critical piece of information many on the left seem to exclude.  \n\nSo yeah, if someone is high risk, they should probably look into getting vaccinated.  Otherwise, don\'t worry about the young healthy ones that aren\'t.   Exponentially unlikely they will die, and the herd immunity many desire has been medically debunked multiple times for multiple key factors like distribution (many people who want vaccines won\'t get vaccines for years thanks to hoarding in the u.s) and variants bypassing protection which in turn can still create variants.  We have over 8 variants and early reports of yet another one surfacing which will continue to bypass vaccines. Yes, vaccines protect you, but it\'s not true immunity either.\n\n So yeah. Now if your counter argument is "your bonkers! Damn you trump! Your all living in another world" all you will do is upset people even more, ruining your personal goal of wanting people to get vaccinated.  Try laying out objective data and facts while also not leaving out critical details and data, and addressing valid counter arguments as well.  No, I\'m not talking about people who think the vaccine makes you magnetize metal. They\'re a lost cause.  I mean actual meaningful people with legitimate concern for the vaccines.  Hell, the U.K with there data determined to strongly advise against vaccines on people below 18, yet the u.s literally vaccinated a five year old, had very severe side effects, and wanted to give him a second shot.    If you\'re wondering why Americans don\'t trust people saying vaccines are the miracle cure and all that, it\'s because of Shit like that.     Just offering perspective', 'lol trump was pro-vaccine', "Again, scientists mostly agree we will NOT have herd immunity to this vi rus. We won't all be getting this vacc ine again and again even if we got it once. Nor giving it to our children. But it will likely get better with frequent exposure early on in childhood and become much more like a cold in time. If we let it that is...", "What a joke. Disagree = alternate universe, huh? Latitiatwan's after Komo, how about cover that - CNN sucks", "Yes, you are not invited to our Universe. It's for High Frequency souls, only.", 'No thank you', 'To simplify this issue is just self-righteous ridiculousness.  I know some who are waiting because it’s not FDA approved yet.  I know some minorities who are waiting because they are scared.  I know some who have cancer and their doctors have told them to wait.  STOP villifying everyone who is waiting because you don’t agree, when really you just want to feel superior.  \nAnd by the way I got mine in February.  I just don’t think people should treat others like CRAP who haven’t yet.', 'Hahaha good try', "Oh, hey look, the Trumpies made it here! Good to see y'all. Too bad you're still not listening.", 'While I am provaccine, I have to mention that some people cant get vaccinated due to prescriptions of medication they are on or even their health situation. So before you say everyone should be vaccinated, remember that not everyone who isnt vaccinated is antivaxer or doing it because they have a choice not to do it. Plus I think a ton of research into the immune system and virology helps a lot to understand the mechanics as to why doctors talk about social distancing & wearing n95 masks(I cant remember the exact number so I hope you know what I mean). Again, just mentioning this to others who should keep this information in mind, including media.', 'I know a woman that went blind from one eye cause of the shot', 'Go go go big pharma you can make more and more money god bless ######################', 'Dementia variant.', "So 5 people who had diabetus, heart conditions and gunshots that were unvaccinated make getting vaccinated and literally being next to death for weeks from the vaccination means it's safe? Anyone have a bridge for sale?", 'The Margarine Trailer-Queen wiggle was the amusement I needed in my day, thanks!', "Vaccinate, it feels great don't let it mutate. You are awful at songwriting", 'Shelter in place', 'Resistance is futile. You will assimilate or be destroyed.', "I'm vaccinated.... due to Biden opening the Mexican  boarder", 'Ya, but if I get it I will turn it into a Bluetooth magnet.', "If you have chosen to get vaccinated, great and good luck. If you have chosen not to be vaccinated, great and good luck. Awesome, now let's move the F on!", '*Preparing Mark of the Beast system* The Lord is coming!', 'Your numbers are based on what ? CNN news ? Líes ,líes . Take your Magic pill and live 5more Happy year . Good luck', '"Masked, sanitized, and still distanced".  I guess it\'s "common-sense"?', 'Wow this is as left leaning and dishonest as Fox is right leaning and dishonest…. Color me shocked. OK back over to WSJ, Reuters, AP and NYT for less biased news to sort through through try to get some real info. Thanks CNN for the entertainment though I’ll hit Fox up for a little of their BS also just for some balance.', 'Tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough it will be accepted as truth - Some Famous German dictator', 'If you\'re having trouble finding a word that rhymes with "vaccinate" just give Eminem a call. He\'s the guy Chuck Norris calls for rhyme help.', '🤣🤣🤣🤣 VACCINE or not anyone can spread it🍔🍟', 'They should actually live in an alternative universe, far from us', 'Mins your business fool', 'thank you so much for your great videos.\nIlove  them.', 'Not bout the NUREMBERG TRIAL', 'What rhymes with vaccinate?   Let’s go back to middle school and parody some of these rhymes.  Don’t procrastinate Vaccinate.   Sickness can wait.  Vaccinate      lol.  I know we should not laugh at a tragic situation but those are my rhymes.   Very happy to be vaccinated myself.  We need to all do this and come together as a country.  Beat Covid once and for all.  If you are not vaccinated please do so not only for your own health but for the health of the entire community', "Remember when Bien said if you get the Vax. You won't get covid. Yet 74% of the people who have covid. Are vaccinated 😆.", 'The reality will just have to be ALTERNATE.', '03:15 ----- 74% of people infected in Massachusetts with a Covid outbreak were FULLY VACCINATED and 80% of those that were hospitalized were FULLY VACCINATED!', "But it's over 99% survivable...hmmm ok people dropping like flies...bull", 'The alternate universe where all the gods live?', "Ok so 86% who take the vax don't end up in hospitals or die. So how is virtually 100% of the hospilizations and deaths the unvaccinated. Per the math its impossible", 'I can’t argue with the science or the politics behind the vaccine. Lord knows I appreciate you wanting what’s best for people. However at the end of the day it’s our choice not to get vaccinated. You don’t have to like or understand it. Also people who don’t want to get a vaccine don’t believe it’s a conspiracy. We just don’t want t to take the shot. I think it’s weird when I see vaccinated people in a car by themselves wearing a mask. But hey! Do you man, live your life.', 'It actually is hard to understand these people.  Life or death, life or death.  Not really a hard choice.  Unless your brain dead.', 'It would be compassionate and equitable if President Biden would mandate vaccines to every asylum seeker ages 12 and up so they will not be blamed for spreading COVID and it would boost vaccine numbers for the USA. Love your neighbor and mandate safe and effective free vaccines to all who come to our country for safety.', 'Shaming people into compliance isnt really the way to go.', '👁️', 'Alternate universe?   I am not of this world.', 'How about Vax rhymes with facts????', "I'm vaccinated in the red state of Missouri. Have been since April.  Wish everyone got vaccinated but can't make people do it. However Republicans should worry about future elections because all the unvaccinated are mostly Republicans and when it comes time for elections they won't have anyone alive voting Republican because all those people who chose to not get vaccinated will be dead!!! I'm democrat in a republican state.", "I'd rather take my chances on getting covid than putting that poison into my body...", 'Biden is leading by fear.', 'Yeah I think that universe is called "reality".', 'ARREST ALL ANTIVAXXERS NOW', "Censoring anyone in the medical field that didn't totally agree, leaves me not trusting the medical field. \n\nI will take my chances by selflessly leaving vaccines for others that want them.\n\nI can decide for myself. Saying I am too dumb to do so, won't help your cause. What will help, is letting the information flow so I can determine who is FOS. No counter views allowed, doesn't allow me to determine if what is allowed is truth or not. It does make me wonder why, since it is the first time the scientific community as a whole is not able to speak.\n\nThings that make ME go hmmm", '🐑', "We didn't know about disease till the white man came duhhhhh so ya this on yous", 'People who watch CNN live in an Alternate Universe…', 'This just in. The majority of the unvaccinated don’t want the vaccine. The majority of the vaccinated want the vaccine.', 'Wow no man in the mirror hetr', '😂🐸😂🦠 ur choice 🤯🤣', 'Just so you all know, comments sections are not like this anywhere else on the internet. Only PROPAGANDA OUTLETS get this kind of abuse. If you want to treat this video as something you should get your facts from you are severely out to lunch.', 'You know I would get the vaccine but I kinda want to die so worry about yourself.', 'Louisiana has a Democrat governor and New Orleans has a Democrat mayor. Way to try to blame the delta spread on Republicans and thus politicize the virus like you complained about', 'I won’t take it cause Joe and Kamala told us not to if it came from Trump.', 'I’m clutching my pearls with horror at your nonsensical message', 'Oh geez… how do I keep clicking on this pathetic form of humorless humor?', "Really, the disconnect is a fairly straightforward misidentification of cause and effect.\nIt's not that vaccination causes low concern over the virus.\nIt's that high concern over the virus causes vaccination.", 'You may win me over if you gave me actual numbers and not percentages. What about the median age of death from COVID and how many had existing conditions? How many people have died or have had serious complications from the vaccine? We never get these numbers or statistics yet you want to force us to take a vaccine that millions of people who were given it still contracted COVID?! btw I voted for Tulsi!!!', 'Quickly this is gonna make me go get vaccinated I can’t wait🤦🏾\u200d♀️🤦🏾\u200d♀️🤦🏾\u200d♀️🤦🏾\u200d♀️🤦🏾\u200d♀️🥴🥴🥴🥴', 'Siento pena por ese pobre hombre', 'Leave the unvaccinated to meet their corona grave.\n\nMake Merry guys, have a doughnut and pray   God bless America.', "I'm going for my second shot today. And when I get home my daughter and I are going to have one major brawl 😤", 'If vaccinated  people are vaccinated and the vaccine are effective that why unvaccinated are threat to vaccinated?', "Have you heard of the Tick problem here in Canada....I'm not threatened by C19...but those lil guys are deadly....Imagine trying to stay away from people like you and taking yer dog for an adventure in the trails...and then finding 20 deer ticks on your furry friend...sorry but C19 is an issue but you.the media is putting more fear into that subject than necessary...but what about the  tick issue...lets see that MRNA science fix this problem...", 'Hmm, if you’re vaccinated why should you care about unvaccinated people? It’s not like you’re gonna get sick from them… right? Right…', "Science is not the end all be all of everything. Lol you people treat it like it's a damn religion. So lost.", 'i got my shot, but if you want more people to get it... then FDA approve it #js', 'I dont care about anti-vaxxers but i do care about people who maybe affected by their stupidity.', 'Dr.Fraudci', "99.5% of the 0 .1%  that don't survive which equals 0.0995% that die because of no vaccination.  So out of the 0.1% that die anyway, 0.0005% die because they were not vaccinated.", 'So ?your getting paid?', 'Cnn blocked me from replying to em 😂 that’s how you know they are wrong', 'Ignorance is the democrats greatest strength', 'Most irresponsible title in a minute.\nSome people were not comfortable with a normally 5 phase 3-6 year process SQUEEZED into a few months, paired with political discourse to boot. \nFor CNN, FOX, etc to SWAY your decision and have you hating family and neighbors cause you\'re turning this into "team" mentality...have fun playing games with your health. 🙄', "A Bill Nye shout out.  That's good stuff.  Bill Nye has some questions for God.", '🤡🤡🤡🤡', "Some of the unvaccinated end up on intensive care and then ask for the vaccine 🙄 smh. That's like asking the fire fighters to install fire-resistant plates when your house is on fire", 'CNN how much did you sell your souls for?', "In the back I wait to vaccinate \nThe wax I ate is max to date\nHacks may hate but that's the weight\nVaccinated and past debated\nGlad I waited you mad I made it.\nEasy...", 'Oh No A Delta Variant that is also 99.98% non-lethal!\nAlso 99.2 % of the 15 people who passed from the Delta V equals 14.88 people. Meanwhile, the 99.98% of 150 people who survived a false positive/negative and/or non-systematic equals 149.97 people. \nAll in favor of dismissing this incompetent biased fake-news peddler say Yar\n“Yar”', 'Beware the Needlecraft', '“Stupid is as stupid does”', 'Would not take the pill sorry god will take me when he is ready', 'You mean that universe where we have rights,  and we don\'t want Big Brother dictating every thing we do or breath we take?  I\'m well aware of the risks and dangers of Covid.  I had it early on last year.  It sucked for a few days and then I felt better.  I go maskless unless I have to enter a place that requires it.  I\'ll be vaccinated when they point a gun at my head and force me. Because I CAN. I still, barely, have the right not to.    This has nothing to do with actually stopping a disease - you can\'t, it\'s spread, out there, everyone has been exposed.  It has everything to do with controlling the populace and treating them as nothing more than sheep or cogs in the machine the government or - and I hate this word - "elites" can extract resources from.  People have no idea of the freedoms they\'re losing on a daily basis.  And when it gets so bad even people leaning left realize - it will be too late.', 'I wish I could hibernate like a bear.', "A song won't make anyone vaccinate. Being sceptical about a new vaccine is normal and doesn't mean we are anti vaxxers. Most of us will vaccinate against COVID when the vaccine is officially approved. (Or at least I will)", '"Here lies the body of Debbie Francine.  She refused to wear a mask, and refused the vaccine."', "We have to constantly test around the world but for the bird flu we test birds for it is human beings we can't control the animals", 'Corporate media hacks.', 'CNN lives in own universe boycott att time Warner and CNN', 'I ain’t getting it', "Most people I know that got vaccinated also care about other people. My friends that are worried about the delta variant are not worried about themselves. They are worried about children, grandchildren and others that are too young to be vaccinated. A vaccine might make it so you don't get seriously sick and die from covid but you can still pass it on to your young children which has a lot of parents worried.", "If your shot works, why should I get one. If your shot doesn't work, why should I get one.", 'PROPAGANDA', '"My body my choice"', 'Fact. One.... No long term tested', 'Reading comments sheds some light on how flat earth is making a resurgence.', 'just cull the ignorant or let the virus do it for us.', 'Anti vaxxers that are brainwashed hating your video..so predictable', "Instead of this partisan fight over vaccines. All organizations should issue mandate that no employee should come into their place of business unvaccinated . And those business who don't want vaccinations should be identified and citizens  informed", "I heard this guys wife's boyfriend didn't get the vaccination", "So I'm a little confused here if you are fully vaccinated you have very little risk of getting sick being hospitalized or dying from COVID-19, but you can still contract the covid and test positive and spread it is that correct?\nSo fully vaccinated what is the percentage of possibility of having a serious complication because of covid.?\nKids under 12 are not eligible for the vaccination.  so fully vaccinated people can spread this disease to kids is that correct?\nSo children will have to wear a mask no matter what whether they're around vaccinated or unvaccinated people because both can spread the disease.\nSo what are vaccinated people so worried about if they cannot get sick be hospitalized or die from Corona. And if on the vaccinated people are making the choice they are taking the risk of getting sick isn't it their choice? \nAnd where is the data about people being naturally immuned or have the antibodies and do not need to be vaccinated?\nWhat are the current treatments for people that do contract covid?.", 'Yall got ratioed bad', "YOU can't fix stupid but nature sure can.", 'CV.19 - YOU NEVER SAID GOODBYE ?\nYou never said I’m leaving\nYou never said goodbye.\nYou were gone before I knew it\nAnd only God knows why.\n\nIn life I loved you completely \nIn death I love you still.\nIn my heart I hold a place\nThat only you can fill.\n\nIt broke my heart to lose you\nThough I know you’re not alone.\nA part of me left with you\nOn the day God called you home.\n\nTHANK YOU FOR WHO YOU ARE IN YOUR HEART ?\nBy Kansas City Poet Tom Zart \nGoogle = Most Published Poet\n Tom’s 1,650 Poems Are Free To Share!\n Google = George Bush Tom Zart\n Google = Most Published Poet YouTube\n Google = Love War And More', 'Fuccines killing people dude', 'TRUMP WON!!!!!!!!', 'Just end the lockdowns and stop giving a crap about the unvaccinated. Let them catch virus and get herd immunity the natural way.', 'The same people who were screaming about some fabricated conspiracy that Trump was a secret agent of Putin for 4 years are accusing other people of living in an alternate reality lol', 'Either the entire human population has gotten extremely stupid, or we are actually experiencing a global emergency. Think about that.', 'Face news full of BS', 'Why don’t they show Daily COVID deaths anymore????', "It's none of your business whether someone gets vaccinated, if someone wants to make a bad decision about their own life it's no one's business but their own.", 'Just gather them in one spot and let nature due the rest', 'Stop watching CNN, people.', 'Virus isn’t that big of a deal if it was Government wouldn’t allow anyone outside there home at all total lockdown Government employees drop food off to each door with clown suits and hand sanatizer n toilet paper', "Don't forget to report spam/misleading!", 'Get your bio JAB.\nAn shut your face !!!!\nIf it works/ it doesnt/\nWhy worry about others....', 'These comments are all pretty mean.', '3:07 oh look. The true results of the US election. Thanks CNN for finally showing it.', 'Jesus Christ is on the throne !!!!\nIf I die , it will be GOD s will , not yours c..n..n........ts !', 'That guy on the thumbnail pic probably has another sign that says “Give me Liberty AND give me Death” 😀', "Stop deleting my comment. You know it's true.", "July 30, 2021  Woman Beheaded in Ilhan Omar's State After She Defunded Police", 'Where is the proof. I want stats about who had died that was vaccinated and who has died that was not vaccinated. Also, why is DEATH the scare tactic? I’m more worried about the supply chain. I’m not an anti-vaccine person, but taking a shot that was developed as fast as cooking meth, with more harm than meth, I mean people get sober, but will my heart condition ever get well? Where are the facts? I need stats. I’m not a liberal or a conservative. I’m a critical thinker. I also wear two masks, moved to the sticks, and I pick up or order my shit, so o don’t want to hear anything about I’m going to die. Damn right, but not from some made made bio-warfare BS. Ponder On That. When Amazon starts selling a Covid pill, then people will take it. 🤣🤣🤣🤷\u200d♀️💩', "Everyone back in the day got the polio small pox vaccine. Why because you wouldn't die \nAnd it got rid of it period \nThere is the answer", "Enjoy your twice a year booster. Black and Brown people don't want the Vax.", 'I don’t always get banned in CNN chats, but when I do, it’s for posting verbatim Joe Biden quotes.  🤣', 'You are not helping with that headline...', 'I think you live in an alternate universe. We unvaccinated live in reality.', 'The "real point" is that these mRNA-type vaccines have never made it through the animal testing phase during trials.  The "real point" is that these mRNA-type vaccines don\'t stay at the injection point (usually the arm), but travel throughout the body within 2 to 4 hours -  the spike proteins tend to settle in the ovaries of females and the bone marrow of both sexes.  The "real point" is that , besides inflammation, no one knows the long term effects of these vaccines. We could go on, but what\'s the "real point."  This comment will be deleted by the censor gods within twenty minutes.  It is now 3:09 pm. (Eastern).  Set your watch.....', 'They probably think Trump is going to retake office in a few days too', "what's really hip with the pentagon calling in 32 governors????\tvote my president donald trump\t|", "Make No Mistake We the UNvaccinated will not take the synthetic cocktail ever and I mean never it's against my religion We the Christians of the country must unite together with God and Rebuke this satanic attack in the name of Jesus and the Holy Spirit my advice vaccinated DEAL just ask God for forgiveness and to keep you safe from getting sick", 'Procrastinate rhymes', 'This is pure nonsense- there are MANY legitimate reasons of all kinds that people may honestly have NOT to be vaccinated, furthermore despite the media, government , and some self-serving misguided medical rhetoric there are absolutely many legitimate reasons to question and have many reservations regarding this and most other vaccinations, and it starts with the data within the vaccine package inserts themselves but of course gies far beyond that to include differences in viewpoints,  the anachronism and vested interests  of many of the justifications for the unending vaccine requirements, etc etc. But by far the most important is This gets down to government and media having staked out a position and now doing everything they can to suppress our rights to include the very important right to debate, question, and critically appraise the data and their BS and lies !!!!', "That 99.5%, how many actual people is that? Why don't they ever talk real numbers? How many people is that? What is the actual risk?", '50+% of INH & CDC employees remain unvaccinated.', "The facts that is getting left out is  what is the percentage of people getting infected are being hospitalized, what is the percentage of people getting infected are dying? I understand that it's higher, but it's not right to ignore those facts either.", 'Lol sorry we are not lab rats', 'Not getting it, please get angry', "FFS people.... its not even a vaccine. This guy's so full of it.", 'Trying to make a vaccine song so people would vaccinate. Cuz someone who has serious mistrust in our medical system will change their mind after a dope ass rhyme', 'I would not take that pill to live 5+ years. And my life is blessed!', "This guy doesn't have much testosterone.", '“ACCORDING TO ANTHONY FAUCI” lmfaooooooo, lost all credibility right there', 'They can live in an alternate universe, but they will die in the real one.', 'Biden and Harris said not to trust the vaccine or trump,', "The solution is so simple. Just announce that there's a shortage on vaccinations and they come by the truckload.", 'The delta variant is from vaccinated. You literally caused people to get sick. Or die.', "I'd trust the The National Enquirer for news before I trusted CNN.", "We don't trust your data...", "Thank You for your point. Why do you care if I get vaccinated or not? Why don't you worry if I'm healthy. Why isn't it a big push for healthy eating,  habits, strong immune system as well? We still blaming Trump for everything that's happening NOW?", "I think they need to live the ones along who don't want the shot. But they should still wear the mask\nThe decision should be theirs just in case their bodies don't tolerate the vaccine.", "I'll be part of the control group, thank you", "Isn't it crazy that half of America got stupid all of a sudden but CNN has all the answers. Yeah that is crazy.", 'If I see this guy on the street, what a whooping u going get', 'OK, ridicule and comedy at the expense of people who refuse to step off the tracks as the train approaches, do we understand why they don\'t believe there\'s a train a-comin\'?\nWho\'s looking at the rationale of the people who refuse the vaccine?  Who\'s trying to develop the information that converts them?  That\'s the work of saving lives, not this "we told you so" cartoon.\nThis is definitely amusing, and highly entertaining, but here\'s the point:  Real people we know AND love are really dying for real.  Sometimes, whole families are dying within days of one another.  I think all of this poling the Republican bear rhetoric is well and good in an equal exchange, but we don\'t have both sides on equal footing.  It\'s taking unfair advantage of stupid people.  They\'re saying, "we refuse the government\'s life-saving medication because death is a natural part of life".  We\'re saying, "You will certainly die".  The level of distrust of the peoples\' government is so high among certain hardliners that they embrace death rather than to get a shot.\nThat\'s an alarming level of committment to an idea.  It\'s cult behavior, by definition.\nI\'m not saying your point isn\'t valid.  I\'m just saying, "too soon".', 'All sounds like an effective way, to drain the gene puddle on the right. Keep it up, SHEEP! Keep it up!', 'Talk about propaganda.', 'It doesn’t seem all that complicated to me: the more people vaccinated, the less COVID there will be.  And the faster we can go back to eating bad food at restaurants.', 'You used the word "approved" but these vaccine are not approved.. they are authorized under EUA\nWhy are they not approved if they are so safe and effective?\n\nWhat is an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA)?\nAn Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) is a mechanism to facilitate the availability and use of medical countermeasures, including vaccines, during public health emergencies, such as the current COVID-19 pandemic. Under an EUA, FDA may allow the use of unapproved medical products, or unapproved uses of approved medical products in an emergency to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions when certain statutory criteria have been met, including that there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives.\nhttps://www.fda.gov/vaccines-blood-biologics/vaccines/emergency-use-authorization-vaccines-explained', 'Propaganda. \n& \nSheep Mentality.\n\nSorry dude, I\'m not going to take a drug if I don\'t want to. \n\n"Facts".', "'' I owned the Libs''      - Epitaph", 'In part it\'s because of hacks like you, who love to "both sides..." the hell out of everything.'], ['Corruption only occurred strictly in the 5 States that he needed to win?  What a staggering coincidence.', 'The day he was elected, I knew it would be bad. It was much worse than I imagined.', '“Did you need better lawyers?”\n\n“I needed better judges.”\n\nLOLOLOLOL!\n\nHe’s still crazy. He blames every one else. Says the same old trope.  And oh yeah…and a liar. He’s still a liar.', '"Like the time I caught the ferry over to Shelbyville. I needed a new heel for my shoe, so I decided to go to Morganville which is what they called Shelbyville in those days. So, I tied an onion to my belt which was the style at the time. Now, to take the ferry cost a nickel. And in those days, nickels had pictures of bumblebees on ‘em. ‘Give me five bees for a quarter,’ you’d say. Now, where were we? Oh, yeah! The important thing was that I had an onion on my belt which was the style at the time. They didn’t have white onions because of the war. The only thing you could get was those big yellow ones.”', "He can't finish a thought, it's all half sentences, going off in all directions. The word that comes to mind is 'addled.'", "I lost it when he tried to play it off as if it wasn't even his rally. truly, this creature is a bottomless pit of manic insanity.", 'Wow. There is so much "crazy" going on in the ex-President\'s head..."they paid Indians to vote"--does he really believe this?!  And that the Capitol Police were "hugging" the mob, and inviting them inside?!  I continue to be flabbergasted...', "omg. how did the people asking the questions resist punching him in the jaw?? he's like a broken record of BS.", 'This dude is the DEFINITION of deflection. Not one straight forward answer', '"a loving crowd".  Yes, I know that in my family, we always show love for people by yelling "hang them!"', "He's like the knight in 'The Holy Grail' who refuses to admit defeat even after all his limbs have been chopped off.", 'I love how the interviewers let that fishing line buzz as far out as the Orange Roughy can take it.', 'It’s like he’s allergic to responsibly, accountability and integrity.  I’m so glad he’s out of the office.', 'Whoever incites, sets on foot, assists, or engages in any rebellion or \ninsurrection against the authority of the United States or the laws \nthereof, or gives aid or comfort thereto, shall be fined under this \ntitle or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and shall be \nincapable of holding any office under the United States.', 'The man is clearly insane.', '“If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it. The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political, economic and/or military consequences of the lie. It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth is the greatest enemy of the State.”\n\nJoseph Goebbels', "I once had the displeasure of working with someone with narcissist personality disorder. I saw the usual things, belittling others and behaving as if he was superior, the inability to admit when he was wrong, etc. But the strangest thing is when he would take credit for someone else's work, whenever he saw something that someone else had done well. He would claim that he did it. Right in front of everyone who knew that was not the case. But the really weird part was when he immediately started believing the lie he just told. His own lie. It was really strange to watch.", "He's your drunk uncle, who lost the family fortune, and now blames everyone else. Nothing but the Adderall talking.", 'I wish they would stop giving Trump any air time at all.', '"The election was rigged like it\'s never been rigged before"\nAnd yet he still lost.', "It's like a shattered brain just rambling. He can't through through one single thought without going down some side path.", 'So surprising that it was "at a level like no one\'s ever seen before."', 'He’s like the short bus, personified.', 'He flat out admitted that those ppl "storming," wanted what he wanted. In a very rambling way, he says this was my will.', 'Any and every aspect of what he’s done is always “like nothing we’ve ever seen before.” 🙄', '“The capital police were hugging and kissing” lol', "This man clearly lives in his own head and world. He's incapable of seeing anything beyond how it benefits him. Sad, pathetic little man.", "Huh, almost seven months in and I have yet to see any tape of people hugging and kissing and being ushered in by police. What's up? Roll the tape.", 'The greatest, the biggest, the most loving, the biggest of everything: Trump is the biggest narcissist I have ever seen.', 'If I had a dollar for every lie he says. I would be wealthier than he claims to be.', 'Seems like he confabulates purposely in order to confuse the issue, so that he will never have to address the content.', 'Fox is just helping trump pull off the “Jonestown phase” of his cult.', 'Never let this man near the "football" (nuclear attack codes) ever again!', 'Never heard a man speak so much, yet say so little.', 'I can’t listen to his voice without gagging 🤮', 'I see a lot of different things watching the footage of January 6th, hugging and kissing isn’t one of them, nothing even close.', 'Capitol Police were ushering people in and kissing them, priceless man just priceless 🤣lol...', 'When you see his mouth moving, he’s lying', '‘Person, woman, man, camera, TV’ - 45th President of the United States. \n\nLaughing stock of the world 😂', 'EVERY crowd is the largest he has ever spoken before!', "He sounds like he's trying hard to piece together pre-scripted answers & pulling stuff out of his rear, as he goes, to fill in the gaps. And yes- under the influence.", "He evidently doesn't  know the US supreme court had their jurisdiction over election's taken away by the Republicans", 'Notice how grand the election fraud goes in his mind, but none of the other elections on those ballots were ever contested.', 'He’d sooner *fake crazy* then *take accountability* and *suffer the consequences*', "Why are we still giving him a microphone? He's fkg crazy!!!", 'Again, padded cell decorated like the Oval Office. Enough said!', 'He really is living in a fantasy world of his own creation.', "He can't even form a complete sentence. It is incomprehensible how he still has supporters.", '"Peace loving people" carrying a prepared noise and gallow', "These reporters are extremely patient. I couldn't take all of the contradiction being portrayed! I have a headache from just that clip, they sat through much more! Kudos!", '"If you can\'t dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullsh#t."  W.C. Fields', 'Thank God he is not longer able to push the red Button he is Waco! God have Mercy ! Loving people attacking democracy   He needs  professional help and divine as well….', 'This sounds like a session with his shrink.', '………I’m SPEECHLESS……..the fantasy in his mind is so real it’s frightening', '“Hugging and kissing the police” What is wrong with this lunatic????', "It is like there's something cognitively wrong with him.", 'Sounds like he has convinced himself!', "Absolutely insane .... You fed into his alternate reality ... He's demented", 'It’s hard to believe how far this clown has taken the United States into a cesspool.  And so many people just let him.', 'Q: "Did you need better lawyers?"\nTrump: "No, I needed better judges."\nOJ Simpson: "I feel that."', 'So he admits to the fact that he told them to do what they did, Got it!', "This man makes up his own reality as he rambles on. It's not that he's pathological, more like he is such a narcissist he rejects truth and believes what he himself likes to be true, then puts every effort into convincing others of it too. It would be fascinating to watch if he wasn't a cult leader.", 'loving crowd...yah Brian Sicnick sure felt the love.', 'I seem to have missed all the "hugging and kissing" the capitol police were doing, after ushering in the mob. Pretty sure that\'s in the job description though, "Welcome to your new job as an officer at the capitol. Don\'t forget to hug and kiss all the tRUMP supporters".', '“They paid *Indians* to vote”\nI can’t believe this man was a “President” of anything.', 'How anyone...ANYONE...can still support this man after all that has happened is completely beyond me.  Are we, as a nation, seriously that stupid?', 'Donnie Dumpling has to be one of the biggest con men of all time.  Yes Donnie it was a real love fest!', 'The guy needs some ADHD medicine. He cant stay on track for more than 5 seconds without going on some sort of tangent. Getting a clear answer out of him must be like herding cats', 'This is a man with "tremendous" problems. -Howard Stern\n(Unfortunately describing Fred Norris)', "Trump doesn't drink. His slurring of words, forgetting facts and inability to stay on topic are clear evidence that he has dementia.", 'The capitol police were hugging and kissing the thugs that were there to invade the building?   \nIf this footage existed he would have made a movie out of it.', 'Now I resent this: Nixon was actually a good family man when not actively trying to subvert America... XD', 'He’s the definition of a pathological liar.  He lost every case brought to court.  Every one of them.  Lock him up.', 'I thought this was a video about Cuomos resignation speech. He reminded me Nixon.', '"I\'m not saying he\'s a crackhead just very crack-ish."- Jamie Foxx', 'Hahaha “that wasn’t my rally”', 'The election was rigged in 2016 by Russia, that’s how this imposter got into the WH', 'His voice makes my skin crawl.', "The largest crowd he's ever spoken before, of course it was", '"Those who can make you believe absurdities; can make you commit atrocities." Voltaire, ca. 1765', 'IF THEY WERE LOVING WHY DID PEOPLE DIE.IT WAS NOT STOLEN.', 'More proof that senility had been going on for awhile. Just out of touch with reality', 'It is consuming him, his mind is collapsing under the weight of narcissism.', "I like how he says what was he doing during the attack he was still giving his speech but they don't want to tell you that", "He can't even finish a single sentence without getting distracted and going off on another idea. \nIt would be funny if someone would also force him to name the 'people' he refers too every time he opens his mouth. 'Many many people said...', 'They said...' Spoiler alert: these people don't exist anywhere but his own lying mind.", "I feel angry how cowardly he really is...so, self-interested.  He's bragging  about crowd sizes to hear him while simultaneously disavowing any responsibility.   He's deranged conman that peddled snakeoil to us and monopolized the media.", 'I love these two authors!', 'He is so high. He is on some powerful drugs. Crazy as a road lizard.', 'Silly, he’s just beyond silly.', "The freedom to lie with absolutely no limit, that's what the US got left. This is so sad.", 'To the people who think this unhinged maniac makes any sense at all, for the love of God seek some professional help.', 'this is like the guy on the subway train who talks to himself, rambling incoherently about paranoid delusions, badly in need of medication, except here there are journalists and media and depraved cult followers, and the entire free world basically (still? really?) hanging on his every word. "stunning" indeed Coop !', 'He talks to all of these writers then denies it I believe he has no clue what he says', 'I just love they let him ramble on and on just incriminating himself  in everything he said. The last sentence summed it up', 'This guy is on a whole other level "delusional!"', '“That wasn’t my rally per se“ Seriously?  This man is an abomination to the human race.', "I'm so glad he mentioned that.  I mean, the hugging and kissing at the capital on the 6th was truly an inspiration!  The police were kindly guiding them in, it was really just a nice, nice day for everyone.........", 'How on earth did he get elected???? The man is NUTS', 'I love it when Treasonous Trump says the “fraud” in the 2020 election was like “nothing ever seen before” (his favorite catch phrase) - but he seems to forget the 2016 election. Now, that election was ripe with fraud like we’ve literally never seen before.', 'How can a person not hear how departed he is from reality', 'That version of The Tang Tyrant was the quieter version. There are two - one excited, one muted. It depends on how much speed is in his system.', '"If you take the indians that were paid to vote"😂😭', 'Wow! A new educational video for psychiatry students.', 'He sounds like the crazy lady in the Orbs "little fluffy clouds" song.', 'It’s curious that there was a deliberate three hour delay to respond to desperate calls from capital police to the national guard for assistance in containing insurrection attempts by an unruly mob. It was in this same 3 hour delay that trump was missing in action from  participating directly in the insurrection as he had promised the crowd he would as he incited them to act.', 'I just wish Trump was asked to repeat every word he said here in the interview in front of a judge under oath. I bet you his testimony would change completely.', 'I guess you never see him in jail where he belongs', 'All I can say is , thank fuck I live in Scotland', 'And he’s crazy on top of everything else…completely bonkers.', 'Lol funny to hear her working him like a puppy 😂👍', "I need better judges? He'll that's all Mitch did for 4 years stack the court", "The police were ushering in a loving crowd, eh? That's NOT what I saw with my own two eyes! #TraitorTrump", 'Ahhhh ha ha 😂 🤣 😆 😄 "I\'ve heard that from everybody......that was a loving crowd." Did they sing cunbaya, wear flowers and danced around in circles?', 'Of course he is still hanging on to these lies. He has to. His fragile ego requires him to.', '"She was her father\'s stable pony".   Ew.   I\'ll never get that image out of my head now.', 'Loving with flag polls, bear spray, and punching.', 'They smashed the windows with love! They pepper sprayed officers with love they squished officers in a doorway with love. This guys is INSANE!', 'The rantings of a mad man.  Can he hold his thought for just one second to complete a sentence and answer a question.', 'and this man was our president at one time…… so embarrassingly sad.', 'He loves to stroke his ego !! Lies like nobody else can', "He forgets himself.  He was making excuses, it wasn't my rally to going to the braggart it was my largest crowd.", 'Why even engage a pathological liar in conversation.', '"If you take all the Biden voters out, I won, by a landslide"...', '"I heard ... "\n\nWhenever he starts with "I heard", the rest is all bullshit.', '"Hugging and Kissing." Sure🙄', "That's a nutcase! This man is possessed by a lying spirit!🙄🙄🙄", 'At the very least this has to raise awareness that Narcissistic Personality Disorder is a very real and dangerous thing. I feel like it was our little dark secret best left unspoken before.', "Why, why, WHY, can't Trump's supporters see he's insane!?!?!", 'This guy has been actor so long he created his own world', 'Completely insane!', 'When historians look at this decade they’ll undoubtedly conclude that the population in general was overcome by an inexplicable psychosis.', "I made it to 2.45 before I had to shut it down. I can't stand his voice, his lies, his anything.", "You know it's a dumpster fire when even CNN doesn't cover for him.", '"I need better judges"  wait,  I thought he only hired the best people.   heh', "IF HE THINKS THOSE PEOPLE WERE THERE FOR A LOVE FEST TO BAD IT WASN'T DIRECTED TOWARDS HIM!!!!", 'Once a loser said " it not easy to lose its not easy for me then later he said the same guy  I love my kids but if I lose I\'ll never speak to them again "  truth is right in front of us', 'What a rambling load of nonsense … this man is seriously ill !!', 'From a best-for-the-country point of view, I would be less concerned with the ramblings of the candidate who lost and more concerned with the obvious mental incoherence with the guy who won.', 'That they were trying to get Ivanka in there to persuade him to "call them off" is proof they all knew he\'s the one responsible for inciting the riot.', 'Bless his heart…smh.  He’s delusional! Yikes 😬', 'He always say I heard from many many people, never really come from his mouth,, this is the guy that doesn’t take responsibility for himself, always blame someone or somebody..😡😡😡the guy is clearly freaking crazy ..', "🤦\u200d♂️ he's gaslighted himself to the extreme", 'He alone fixed it by getting 7 million more Americans voting for Biden. Thanks for fixing it alone. Enjoy the bad food at the golf course you live in', 'Imagine admitting that you STILL support this guy.', 'Stunning how easily this sleeve can lie so easily', 'First time I watched you. Great interview.  I will subscribe.', "what a pile of loving BS-how would he know he doesn't know love-the cops and rioters were hugging and kisses", 'Frigging liar!!!! He lost. All of those deaths are on his head.', 'In a meeting where Gen Milley was present, Trump was talking about the upcoming rally at the Capitol. He looked at Gen Milley and said, "are you ready for that?"\nThis is proof that Trump knew exactly what was going to happen.', 'He lies so much, if he says it was sunny outside I’d take an umbrella and wear a raincoat.', 'I’d love to hear Philip Rucker saying Spicy sizzling sausages 😂😂', 'He seems to be on repeat, but it is still so difficult for him to even put together a sentence that makes any sense.', 'I wish they asked if Ivaka tried to get him to call.', '" What they I wanted,I wanted" that should tell you enough', "Don, we all know you meant to say yourself when you get drunk on New Year's.", '-45 lies with ease and without hesitation.', "Well, it easy, it wasn't rambling to me. I appreciated that. 2:58/9:14", '"The ideal subject of totalitarian rule is not the convinced Nazi or the dedicated communist, but people for whom the distinction between fact and fiction, true and false, no longer exists." \r\n~Hannah Arendt', '“That wasn’t my rally” “a lot of love” a few lies from a guy worried about being accountable.', '"There were Indians paid to vote" lol', 'He knew how he won the 2016 Elections…..don’t judge others by your standards ( and Trump you have none)', 'I was dissapointed because all those judges I appointed didn’t lie for me', "I wonder who it was with the help of the Postmaster General\n\nThat slowed everyone's mail up\nDuring this election cycle", '"I wanted what they wanted". He admits he wanted them to stop congress.', 'Trust me I know exactly what that’s like. Listening to CNN has strange affects like that on people.', '"Did you need better lawyers?"\n\n" no I needed better judges"\n\nWHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT.  🤯', 'His ranting proves his grasp of reality is gone OMG', 'Shut I thought you were talking about the way Biden talks.', 'The low IQ crowd are lapping at his feet, while lies float out of his pie hole all day long. He is in an alternate reality and they are with him sucking it up without question.', "WTF!  Put this man out of his misery and lock him solitary.  That's the only place that makes sense for a corrupt criminal of this magnitude.", 'I can only imagine what you think biden sounds like then...😂', "I'm starting to think Trump's ego is so big his lies are starting to orbit. Was he drinking before this recording started? Because he sure as hell wasn't clear-headed.", "Wake me up when he's behind bars.", "Why's everyone so surprised about this? This is who trump is and has always been.", 'Yeah, that was ALOT of love that smashed that officer between them glass doors, while taking his shield. OMGsh', 'Murderer sentenced to life without parole because of the evidence: "We need better judges".\n\nTrump: on all suits being thrown out of court because of lack of evidence: "We need better judges".', 'Bring out the list .. All of your crooked lists. 😂😂😂🍻🍻', 'The sad thing is that If he was hauled in front of a judge for any or all of his crimes he could easily plead insanity.', 'I like how he starts to tell what seems like a believable lie and then his ego takes over and you can tell how crazy this man really is.', 'Anderson Pooper reacts!  What\'s that old question, "Does a tree falling in a forest make a noise if no one is there to hear it?"', "Nixon drunk rambling? Or Biden on every fkn  press conference, interview, or just trying to read his teleprompter? I think the only time Biden sounds coherent is when he's blatantly lying", 'Almost killed myself here, listening to that man rumbling on and on and on...jeeeez!', 'when a man believes what he thinks is right the whole world is in danger, you only have to look at the Nazi model to see how dangerous that was , this man is so far up his own arse !', 'The election was rigged by eighty million voters who hated him. Soooo unfair.', 'He’s right about the hugging and kissing guess you don’t see that.', "Trump sounds like someone's crazy gran-pa crying about the Alamo.", "He's insane..", "I can't stand to listen to any of his lies.", '"I needed better judges"\n\nI\'ve been reluctant to go along with the media soundbite, but now the evidence is clear for me. Trump is fact a fascist', 'His plan was to have scotus overrule the vote. That’s what this was all about.', "He doesn't really seem to be able to hold onto a thought for more than a few seconds, and cannot string 2 sentences together to make a valid point or conclusion.  He's definitely doing drugs, or legitimately senile.  And people pamper and attend to him like an infant......WHY?", 'I get SO SICK of his "it was a loving" 🙄🤬', 'I enjoyed the video at 8:11 showing the Capitol Police "ushering in" the peaceful tourists with a section of barrier fence.', 'It’s like they’re doing a therapy session with Trump trying to talk him down ; good luck , he’s gone.', 'He has never had an intelligent, honest sentence in his life', 'In true form, he danced all around the question and never gave an answer.', "If I had to choose between listening to him for 5 minutes and death.....\n\nWell, that's an easy choice.", 'Supreme court is still afraid. Honor your job and follow the law. Find the answer weather it is popular or not.', 'Forget politics, this boy sounds insane! These are ramblings of a madman.', 'Yeah, grandpa is a champion skinhead fluffer.\nReally worked that "Something About Mary" thang in his day, tho\'...', 'Can you imagine the productivity rating of any corporation with a CEO or President like this in charge? Rambling on repeatedly, repeating everything he says at least three times, interrupting constantly. A miracle the United States is still functioning after four years of this.', "I don't believe that trump has ever seen the constitution, much less read it!!", 'Just watched the CNN Town Hall with Biden, now THAT was like a rambling ole drunk.', '"Many, many people..." The tell of tells. Means: No one I can name.', 'The reporter handles him well.', 'Sounding like drunk rambling? How about Don Lemon\'s recent interview with the "big guy" Joe Biden?', 'Narcissist through and through, spewing word salad and not answering the questions. And over emphasizing. Me, me, me.', 'I lost brain cells trying to listen to this', 'He stops his sentences mid sentence seems like he can’t finish a thought. All over the place.', "Does he make one single assertion here that isn't completely absurd? Wow. Just wow.", 'The Whole World is agains me!\nWhat a Child!', 'Thank you for making us Trump supporters,  CNN. Keep it up.', "He's crazy like a fox and setting up his insanity defense in order to avoid jail time on many fronts!", '"Loving crowd" chanting "fight, fight" according to the transcripts. Trump used "fight" 20+ times.', 'The man will never let go of it and it will tank his re-election campaign in 2024.', 'Left Burned down cities while Congress Slept .... perfect reaction from the Right', 'Hilarious !!!', 'He’s all over the place… why would anyone support him?', 'This failed human can’t carry on an intelligent conversation w/o lying at every turn.', 'I’m so happy he’s gone', 'He is such a narcissist!', 'Why do they even replay this dope with his LIES!', 'He’s just crazy 🤦🏼\u200d♀️', '"I happen to believe the election was rigged."  It was rigged....And they still lost.', "ok. Sorry Anderson. I had to stop. My tolerance for this BS is about 3m. Thankfully he's no longer dominating the news.", 'Covid do your job‼️', 'DT sounds heavily medicated. That is incoherent speech.', 'The ramblings of a mad man', '"The Word Trade Center ushered in the Boeing 767. There was so much love between the New Yorkers and terrorists”', 'Speaking of “drunk and rambling,” listen to Anderson Cooper at 5:00 to 5:50. And I don’t even agree with Trump!', 'That man is insane smh', 'When ratings plummet every story is a lead story.', 'Domestic Terrorism let’s just call it what it is.', 'He sounds like he’s overdosed on Costanza. “Remember, Jerry. It’s not a lie if you believe it. “', "One would need to have the IQ level of a dry leaf to believe anything DT says. Even when he's telling the truth he's lying.", 'What a sad sad little man', "You know how cross-sections of the lungs of longtime smokers look like tissue paper full of holes?  it sounds like a cross-section of the grey matter in Trump's brain would look like a long-time smoker's lungs....", 'What an unbelievable 4 years…& how will this time be written in history books?', '"He\'s not drunk" Anderson, he\'s demented.', 'Wow! That DRUMPF sure can ramble on! On and on!', 'Why give this man voice to tell all his lies?', 'Rambling man, lol!', 'New Documentary "IDIOCRACY" Proves Trump was Right! Wait..."WHAT" THAT WAS A dystopian Comedy?."WHAATTTT??"', "He's out here saying that the capitol police were ushering them in?\nWtf. 😂 😂Wtf....Wtf... Wtf... Wow...", "Grandpa needs a nap. he's rambling again", "Let's get one thing straight, nobody rambles more incoherently than Biden. Just look at the last CNN townhall🤣🤣🤣🤣", 'Crazy man so out of touch with reality!!', 'We are all dumber after listening to him', 'The capitol police were hugging and kissing... holy fucking God.', 'I notice how drastically your subscribers or viewers are. Everyday more are listening to the truth speakers. Hmmmm', 'What a softball interview. They just let him lie and lie with zero pushback.', 'I don\'t know why anyone bothers "Interviewing" the former guy. Every time he speaks, it\'s like pushing play on an old tape recorder; he just says whatever worn-out nonsense is bouncing around in his head at that moment, even in response to completely unrelated questions. \nHe doesn\'t want to answer your questions, he only wants to say what he wants to say and he\'s not particularly artful about getting it into the conversation.', "Trump: I was too weak and pathetic to stop sleepy joe from stealing the election, and then I was too slow and stupid to figure out and show how he did it. I'm the king of turds!", "Always talking about crowd size. He'll never get over his inauguration.", 'i know coke induced psychosis when i hear it!', 'There is video of Rump In a tent with his family watching the insurrection! And rump jr. doing a video of it !! Can you not find it ? I seen it on a tweet feed !', "Why is it.. I always have to turn up the volume on @CNN videos? Maybe they're all just soft spoken?", 'And so his presidency ends as it began: by exaggerating about crowd size.', '"I didn\'t need better lawyers; I needed better judges." -- Every convicted felon, ever', 'Word salad 🥗 extraordinaire', 'THE SWAMP DEVOURED TRUMP!!!', 'Cooper is the kid that got picked on lmfao 🤣 🤣🤣🤣', '9 months of crying what a looser!', "I'm an enrolled Native American tribal member... How did I not know we could get paid for voting? 😆", 'This is a sad, twisted, delusional little man who had absolutely no business holding the highest office of the land.', 'Why are we still rehashing this?', '"the capital police were hugging and kissing.... you know, you don\'t see that"...\nummm... yeah, nor did we see that then either....\nLOL\nwhat is this dude on?', 'Someone should run tests for comprehensive aphasia. It would explain a lot......', "He loves being the first of everything! LET'S make him the FIRST PRESIDENT to go to JAIL!!!", 'always great reporting', 'That book should have been called \'Lie Fast/Lie Good".', 'Duh meanwhile Biden recited the Quran backward from memory to crowds millons strong', 'Watching this after the testimony of the four officers on the first day of the investigation, I would say that if Donald Trump could read, he should look up the word "usher" in the dictionary. Because I\'ve seen ushers on the job, and that didn\'t look like ushering tourists to me, that looked like a scene from Game of Thrones.', 'Trump is capable of going lower than any human I have ever known during my nearly 50 years.', 'Im a Democrat, but when I was watching it live on Jan 6 and then rewatched it I did see capital police calling and waving and letting people in just saying that part is true but I am not a trump supporter', '"Nothing has ever been rigged before?" How would you know unless you tried Capone?', 'Can you blunder and wish and stumble your way into committing treason ? Yes , if you are President of the United States . Charge tRump , convict him , and impose the ultimate penalty so this crap does not happen again .', 'Why is he still walking around free?\nHe, McConnell, his family and the rest of the republicans in office who  played along with his lies should all be behind bars.', 'Get him a box of tissues. He’s sad the judges didn’t do what he wanted as of they owe him a favor.', 'This man is insane! A complete nutcase!', 'The ramblings of a deeply psychotic man.', 'Just listening to this makes you drunk you get disorientated', 'Wow everything he says is lies, lies and more lies.', "It's more scary that he believes his own delusions.", 'There\'s an old saying...."be careful what you wish for." Many of my Democrat friends in Ohio voted for Trump in the Republican primary to purposely make sure that Trump would clinch the Republican nomination. They thought he would be the easiest general election candidate. Myself, a Republican voted for Kasich.', "They simply gave this man a chance to repeat his election lies. He's smart. They hardly interrupted him. Just let him talk his BS. This is crazy! ...and CNN thought this was a great thing? Rambling yes, but you gave him a voice once again on your platform  - in the absence of his other social media outlets.", 'This guy is really crazy 🤪', 'Yes, there are millions of people nodding their heads and agreeing with everything that he says.', "He's like a combo of me on a rant and my mother in early stages of alzheimer's and dementia. Make him go awaaaaaaaaaaaay.", 'Like listening to the Hindenburg audio book...', 'Oh my Lord Anderson are you kidding? Have you watched any of your CNN town hall with Biden? FFS.', 'BEYOND WORDS! STUNNED SILENCE! WTF?', 'But why didn’t he stop it immediately? That is the question. Why didn’t he stop people and help Congress sooner!? This statement means nothing without that question answered. He was the President of the United States.', '"It was an illegal and corrupt election, as bad as a third world country." If that is true, Mr. Trump, then why on earth would anyone ever want you, the person in control, the leader, that allowed such horrific and previously unforeseen corruption, never before seen in any US election (according to you), to ever hold office again? Your one job as President, your most important and basic job, is to protect Democracy and by your own admission, you failed at that more spectacularly than any other President, ever. Your words.', 'At least Nixon could sober up. Poor ole mushy brain trump is never going to come back to reality.', 'lol i thought he was talking about Biden thinking men on the moon were ridiculous...  lol. yes the turd just said it', 'I wish they would look at the truth . Watch every footage and then make the decision . NP has hidden so much information . You are looking two different events. One peaceful  , one horrendous .', '"If you ignore the votes for the other guy, I won by a landslide."', 'An Ivanka image rehabilitation tour is apparently on the way...🙄', 'Actually joeys drunk rambling .', "With all this proof, you'd think wouldn't you that...he would have been in prison for treason by now", 'Social media is the toilet of the internet, and now, with each of these new submissions.........who is going to close the lid, and push the handle down?????', "Wait...the stable genius needs a stable pony??\nI dont own horses so I don't know what that means...🤔", 'I only have seen videos of police with guns. Who was out gunned Coopy Anderson?', "I can follow his responses.  I cant follow all of Biden's speeches and no one talks about it.", "Biggest crowd I ever spoke to. He payed people to come to h is rallies. I don't think he knows how to tell the truth. Those good people,  getting their hugs and kisses.", "This is sad. Reminds me of the old man, just before he'd hit mom. Pathetic losers, the both of them.", 'His 4 years are easily the darkest times in our nations history', 'He knows the storm is coming for the DiGiTaL sOlDiErS and their leaders. \ngOd WiNs', 'Cooper.........................you aren\'t even a " has been", your a "never was".', 'People listen in a videos were he said on  January 6,there were alot of loving in the capital, wat is this man out of his mind .', "Anderson Cooper does your husband know what you're saying on this TV station shame on you you silver spoon", '"They paid Indians 🇮🇳 to vote"\nWow, we are outsourcing everything.', 'He sounds like my mother during late stage dementia…right before she passed.', "Why do we keep doing this? This is obviously a sick man. I think most of us know that. You're giving him a platform right now.", 'This makes me sick. .. I watched the news Anderson needs to be fired. Its disgusting.', 'LMAO. Not my rally, really.', 'Still not showing the “evidence” he claims to have. Self-aggrandisement, delusion, incoherence…', 'Lie after lie after lie with zero evidence still to this day just more of his lies!', 'Oh I thought you were talking about Potatoe Joe?', 'Chaos follows Satan where ever he goes.', "I went to a garden party , you can't please everyone you got to please yourself.😒😀", '“That wasn’t my rally per se…” is one hell of a legal defense. 😆', 'Trump: Some people said that they were a loving crowd.\n\nCORRECTION: I instructed a lot of people to say that it was a lovely crowd! I also instructed the GQP, excuse me, I meant the GOP to lie for me!', 'I heard the Oompa Loompas are getting pretty pissed about this whole orange face thing!!!', 'Omgsh! He lies as he goes, as easy as drinking water, is a natural thing for him,  nasty!', 'The delusion continues…..', '"I needed better judges"\nMaybe if 86 judges disagreed with you and SCOTUS denied to take it, maybe you\'re wrong?', 'He exposes the failure of democracy and the Constitution.', 'Somebody please... do something!!', 'This guy…Really…Delusional.', "Why does this interview sound like a mother talking to her lying son that rambles on just to hear himself sound intelligent in order to get out of a lie? This lady enjoyed being catered to at dumpy Trump's dinner party. What a joke.", "It's so painful listening to him.  Those reporters should get double time for interviewing him.", 'He is doing what he always does...he misdirects the question so he doesn\'t have to cross the line and blatantly say "I wanted them to bust down the doors of the capitol and install me as America\'s first Dictator"', 'Why does this seem like an intake? Has he been committed? Please say yesss', 'Don the Con, LMFAO!!!', 'Still making up stories about crowd sizes… people are still listening to his tied old shit.  He just made up a shit ton of stuff just lie after lie after lie.', "He almost confessed and he stopped himself. He wants to say what they did was awesome, but he knows that he can't.", "Anderson Cooper let's hear your pillow-talk worry about yourself", 'There was really that much going on', 'Yall still talking about him🤣', 'CNN really creditable news, wow your honesty just reeks', 'Rigged on a level - like nothing has ever been rigged before! What Kind of statement is that???', 'LOCK HIM UP!!!!', 'CNN getting desperate, lol.', 'Biden sounds like this 24/7 How more bias can CNN get?', 'He has lost his shit!', "When he stops mid sentence and changes direction that's when the excuses kick in...", 'Non existent grip on reality, no common sense period. DEMENTIA!!', "Why bother interviewing trump anymore? He says exactly the same lines every time and he'll just lie every chance he gets.", 'Did you need better lawyers????? I LOVE that question!!! The SHADE!', 'Where is the interview occurring ? It sounds like a cafeteria .', 'The frightening thing is that some people support this lunacy.', 'Cost of damage to the Capital building on Jan 6. when Capital police were lovingly ushering in "friendly people" $850,000.00. Cost of damage on Jan 5: Zero.', 'The media vendetta continues! How afraid are they? VERY! They see the crowds and the posts! Did anyone win a Covid-19 lottery? I wonder my state didn’t have one, can I sue?', 'Some Capitol Officers did let rioters in and for one reason only….there were thousands of angry rioters and just a handful of officers at some entry points….they didn’t want to die horrible deaths so they let them through….hard to see but quite understandable.', 'No, listening to Cooper is like listening to a paid salesman who knows his product is faulty. Anything CNN reports leads me in the exact opposite direction.', 'Fun Fact: in the old days in Sparta they threw people like the donald off a cliff to die straight after birth !', 'I Saw with my own eyes from the tv where votes were being added to Biden and the same moment that votes were subtracted from Trump. I even saw 1/2  votes added!   How you get a 1/2 vote! The election WAS illegal and the votes were not accurate, fair or true.  If it weren’t so then who in their right mind would fight against getting to the truth no matter the cost except liars & cheaters— that’s who!  I forgot I subscribed to this channel for the election -  unsubscribed now.', 'DELUSIONAL !', 'He sounds like he always does. Most of the greatest hits in one interview. No crying about the impeachments though.', 'Yes Anderson nailed it.  No wonder this country is in such state!', '"I needed better judges" - every dictator ever', 'I hope cnn knows there helping trump by showing this', 'The supreme court rejected hearing the court because they do not have jurisdiction over individual state cases. The USSP can hear a case about the constitutionality of whether jerrymandering voting districts (which they said was unconstitutional), but the court could not hear a case about the criminality of a stolen election, only whether the constitution had been violated. Shows how much he knows about the SP.', 'He knows the Washington Monument!  I’m surprised!', 'And they think Biden makes sense?', '"Stop the steal" was a third-rate freak-show featuring Rudy Giuliani, Donald Trump, Peter Navarro and Kay-Liie McEnemy in the starring roles.', 'He really is delusional', 'Guess what happen to Humpty Dumpty….. yeah exactly that’s what he got', 'They paid the Indians😂. It’s is our land it was taking and colonized', 'Verified tape. Forward to about 6 minutes to hear pure conjecture', "He's “disappointed” in the judges he “appointed”? Whoever is writing this stuff should receive an Oscar!", 'With all due respect Carol Leonnig is one gorgeous looking lady.', 'He can never finish a sentence.', 'I think the storming of the capital would have been worth a commitee if they had brought guns with them.. \nWhat american is gonna storm the capital without guns?', 'They not even gonna talk about Biden huh? Okay then 👌', 'It’s like listening to a crazy person make up a bedtime story.', 'and no mention of sleepy joes rambling for the last 6 months cnn is a joke', 'How is this criminal still walking around a free man?', 'The guy with the lisp 😂', 'The Marxist Democrats cheated🤷🏻\u200d♀️', 'So them chanting “ hang Mike Pence!”( while constructing a noose )is showing a lot of love????', '9/11 Return your apple phone day. Bring and American flag to support the victims and the constitution. Find a store', 'The only thing sickening is cnn and the 10 million that voted for biden', "Eventually like so many other things,  trump will be right again... thanks mister president for opening my eyes to the simple fact that their's a revolution calling...", "Biden: I can't remember ???\nTrump: I have something to say.\nThe American ppl: Nuke it all!", '“The people said” means the voices in his head!', 'Geezzzzzzzzz"………..rambling on & on & on & on………', "God he's sick....", "omg... he's still ridiculous", 'Ushering in? BS ! The cops were running for Thur lives Folks!', "the big lie was funny then entertaining for a good minute but know its more of an embarrassment,  also...  I wonder. can't his followers see through this bullshit????    or am i missing something.", 'Hell they even mover the metal barricade out the way', 'What about Biden’s dementia ramblings', 'That was too funny.', 'The title of this segment is unfair to rambling drunks.', 'Is bet $1000 that *EVERYTHING* he claimed in this interview, he heard or saw on right wing media.\n"Indians"\n"dead people"\n"Hugo Chavez"\n"bamboo paper"\n"huge dumps"\nAnyone else care to add to the list of reasons why trump was cheated?😒', 'Delusional....', 'Delusional', 'Wow!', "He's relentless and exhausting to listen to. He just buries people with bullshit and they eventually just give up and move on.", 'Washington, DC, murders surpass coronavirus deaths in July by nearly 3-to-1 ratio', 'Why does the man say MANY MANY so many times? This man has a serious ego problem.', 'And he accuses president Biden of having dementia — projection much?', "Funny he talks about police and his supporters kissing. Something about how his visions of goatee'd men making out with men in uniform turns him on is quite telling 🙄😂", 'It didn’t even take 20 seconds before he started talking about crowd size. What a child.', 'Anderson cooper needs to quit and start a podcast, this shit restricts his abilities', 'Remember when the Black Panthers guarded polling stations with rifles to stop people from voting incorrectly?', 'Oh yeah tremendous proof ..', 'Why does he keep jumping from one subject to another and what was the topic about?', '“I NEEDED BETTER JUDGES” - Donald Trump\nI’m so glad you feel that way, “Donnie”, ‘cos you’ll be in front of a whole lot of them soon …..', 'And this rambling S**T STAIN on humanity  actually held (at least on paper) the office .', 'Why do you play this - it is sick.', 'Have you listened to Biden lately?!', 'Penn: "I\'m more successful than Donald Trump because I have more money than my father gave me."', 'It seems corruption and Covid have done significant damage to his few remaining brain cells. There wasn’t a single detectable cogent sentence in that mess. 🤷🏻\u200d♀️', 'Has anyone heard sleepy joe speak?', 'how how how can anyone take him seriously', "7 months later and you knobs still can't get over it. Ever thought of critiquing the current presidents speeches?", 'Trump is always right in the end, even my lefty freinds know shenanigans went on election night in swing state cities.', 'Trump - many people told me = the voices in his head.', "Did you ever listen Biden's  mumblings and gaffes???  Poor dementia Joe!", 'Even when he will die, it will be the same statement «\xa0 I won, he didn’t «\xa0.  Does he really know what he is saying?    Wow hugging and kissing, I guess he really doesn’t know that meaning or we saw other videos or even when it was live on tv.', 'The most delusional psycopathy ever!  None of those things happened yet he\'s convinced himself they did! Funny how his comment on voting is EXACTLY what the GOP is doing right now!  The "voting laws" are only wrong in his mind-if the outcome isn\'t favorable to HIM only!', 'We should make it as the priority for hiring a show host, checking their mental illness by starting to check family history. It’s dangerous when they misguide people.', "He hasn't been drinking, he's been snorting.", 'I was so happy when everyone shut him down...what happened?', 'What the hell did I just listen to?', "Incredible that you accuse Trump of rambling when Biden can't put a sentence together even with notes to remind him!", 'Annnnnnd?  Listening to Biden is clearer?  🤔', '"Father, the peasants are revolting."\n"Let me eat cake."', 'Trump has officially become that sad old guy whining about the good old days when everything was better and he was the best of the best😂🤣', "My God he''s delusional!", 'Voices in his head, lock the SOB up', 'Raving lunatic at  large  ... 🤡', '“A beautiful loving crowd, best crowd ever, best insurrection ever, beautiful just beautiful, Obama never had an insurrection like that”', 'Trump :  i told the biggest lie, it was the biggest ever in history no one has ever lied as big as me ever before', 'Its how a therapist talks to a crazy person', 'Sickening', 'The JInx Master says Hi. get some, get some, get some.', 'He is still obsessed with crowd size 🤦🏽\u200d♀️', "I don't even know where to start with this...", 'Scary', 'PANTS on FIRE!!', 'What is this town hall meeting everyone is talking about ?', '"Early voting, this voting , ballots, many,many different things " WHAT ? THESE are  ALL LEGAL !!', 'Sooooo.. What about Bidens mumbling ?', 'Three bullsht artists. "When the shots were fired"... you slug.', "Why not comment on Biden's senile rambling?", "Carol Leonnig  and Phil Rucker are outstanding authors.  I am in the middle of reading this book now, and I can't put it down.", 'I really like the soft approach the writers as interviewers used. It’s refreshing.', "One little, two little, three little sock puppets... singing the CIA's song... 🎤🎵🎶", 'How is it trumps fault for what other people do ????', "And to think I just saw an article quoting Ronny Jackson that Joe will retire due to his cognitive abilities. Everytime this guy talks , it's total word salad. I mean WTF is trump even thinking he's said person, woman, man..... You get the picture right. I don't think trump could even read those old Janet n mark reading books we had in elementary school. Not then or now", 'What part do the esteemed viewers of CNN not understand. I know Cooper is payed to not understand. Was President Trump talking over your heads. Dose being a Marxist mean you have to put a bag over your head.', 'Has that man ever told the truth?  The level of BS is staggering.', "this rambling is like the Hitler tapes in his bunker the week before the Russians got him.\nit's over Adolf drumpf you lost.", 'I love how this guy is supposedly quoting the constitution....like most people quote the bible. but just let their pastor tell them whats in it rather than read it themselves. I doubt he even read one sentence in the constitution. Im going through it right now and Im really disappointed I didnt do this earlier, even in school. Its not even really that long, its just dry like most government documents.', 'Or your favorite lady palosi speaking Trump can finish a sentence. And he knows where he is.', 'Lying, rambling…..', 'When trumputin speaks you’re entering THE TWILIGHT ZONE!!!', 'Wow that’s insane', 'WHHHYYYY are they addressing this maniac as Mr. President, he is crazy as a loon', 'It is a TREMENDOUS answer', "Just can't let him go, huh CNN?", "So much opportunities for that journalist to react with:Sir,you know that's bullshit,don't you?\nStil she holds back....\nUnbelievable!", 'where is the hugging and kissing??  He believes his own lies... Lalalalala Nutzo!!!', 'Attack!', "Delusional and uninformed as to how justice works.  No excuse.  He's too busy spinning stories to actually learn.", "This man has the IQ of a fourth grader, I feel bad saying a fourth grader, because that sounds like he's smarter than a fourth grader. Many fourth graders are way smarter than this man! WOW", 'Trump, "I am the least racist person you\'ve ever met."\r\nAlso Trump, "There were Indians being paid to vote."', 'I’d love to hear a rebuttal from the Native American nation on Satans comments about getting paid', "…’you can't have local politicians setting the rules’, maybe someone should tell the local politicians, that are now setting the rules…", "why don't you listen to Biden audio, he sounds like a demented person in a nursing home...your freaking hipps", 'Trump projecting all his own cheating in different states on to the Democrats.  What a narcissistic lunatic.', 'Astonishing delusion.  "I needed better judges."  Dangerous stupidity.', 'Or Grampy Joe.', 'If it was you or I, the cops would have thrown us under the jail long before January 6th!  If we get a dictator, we welcomed him! And, here’s the thing no one is talking about: If there is no law for some, in a democracy of “We the people,” then there is now no law for any! I for one think we should do something about this!', 'Not my channel! I Love fox!', 'Trump really believes his own lies 😂😂😂', "Diary of a madman.  That's already obvious now, and that will be history's verdict.", 'Ivanka the stable pony.', 'He needs medical attention.', 'If the rioters were BLM or Antifa, why is he saying it was a peace loving crowd?', 'And my brother gave up his family for trump. He just rambles on. Whst a pity.', 'Someone tell me why I started laughing when he said that Indians were paid to vote🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡', 'I’d rather have a sting man leading the country than a demented one have you heard what other countries are saying about our president and they say the media is accepting it like it’s ok?  Guess because CNN ratings down had to pull out some Trump news it’s the only way you can get anyone to watch', 'Per-se? There were other people speaking too, not me, not me, them, they, oh lord, that voice gets quiet and sweety pie-ish when hes lying.', 'Lunatic ramblings!  It’s mindboggling to umderstand that this man was actually President of the United States!  Disgraceful.', "He's still a p.o.s. . He lost plain and simple.......he is chemically imbalanced. He knew what the mob was going to do.", 'He deflects anything asked of him.  He is off in his own little dreamland where everybody just adores The Donald.', 'Why don’t they challenge his BS?  Why don’t they ask for proof?  No one EVER ASKS FOR PROOF and when he lies they don’t tell him that innuendo is not proof. Damn. Hold his feet to the fire for once.', 'GOD BLESS America from this dangerous man. Loving kissing crowd escorted by the police. I missed that video.', 'Behind mansion walls', 'The rambling is also a technique, whereby the listener feels the sentence about to be spoken, they absolutely could finish.  So, the speaker (Trump in this case) simply sets up a thought, or idea, in words but never actually says the objectionable thing or the thing that would be an admission.  The best example I can give, is a used car dealer.  When I pointed out a warning light had appeared during my test drive, he said stuff like ‘Well, you know…(pauses)…obviously we’d…(pauses)…I mean, any issues…before you actually collect the car’.  Patently the idea is the listener either is nudged into saying the clear idea implied, which is that the dealer would make sure any issues are ironed out, corrected, before delivery of the vehicle occurs.  \n\nYet, the salesman does not ACTUALLY say that.  Trump is a man who places no value in the truth.  Trying to represent reality to the best of his ability, is NOT something Trump does.  Once you live like this, you slowly begin to drift into your own fantastical version of the world, and if you are rich and powerful enough, and lots of people seem to support you, you may never return.  I don’t feel sorry for him because he has caused a lot of harm, and is happy to be casually racist, and to say deeply hurtful things (Hitler wasn’t all bad, Charlottesville had good people on both sides, or whatever!).  I have begun to avoid material containing the name ‘Trump’.  \n\nI suspect he will go the way of 9/11, in that eventually it becomes quite a repellant subject, having no satisfactory resolution.  I doubt even so-called ‘followers’ really care or support the man, he’s just an idea in their head they can largely mould to what they want - filling in those ‘blanks’ in his speeches or statements, like my used car salesman deployed to such great advantage.  His family, will be extremely wary about being caught on record saying anything he would object to or remember as hurtful - until he dies and the get their chunk of the family fortune.  In effect, their opinions are worthless, being ‘paid-for’ really, or expected to be paid-for on his death.  \n\nOn the other hand, some in his family might one day wish to be taken seriously by a wider audience than the cult that has been created.  A cult that is very tolerant of casual racism and slurs on eg China, Jews, Black people, and so forth.  In other words - as long as the focus of animosity is on some minority or other, the cult members feel it won’t be on them.  This reinforces my view of a lot of the Fox News output of opinionated ‘news’, that the hosts and pundits doing it, are a virtual ‘gangleader’ opening up the way and saying it’s alright to be nasty, prejudiced, and downright insulting to ‘others’.  There must be a lot of lonely people on TV chairs feeling spite and malice, and having their angry dislike stroked and inflamed by the Fox News machine, is my conclusion.  \n\nAn ideal Fox News avid watcher is disenchanted with their lot and would be the first in a mediaeval village, to get down to the witch-burning or the hanging spectacle, is what I imagine.  They’ve found Fox News an amiable companion to their frustration and upset, their daily discontent.  Actually, my view is that the Fox News spite simply inflames such people’s upset, readying them for another triggering the next time.  It’s like an addiction it seems to me.  These viewers, want to have the nastiest gang backing them, and so they back it - Trump and Fox, NewsMax etc, they’re all hosing the same tripe out of the computer screen or TV.  Anti-vax madness, public health downgraded to the level of prejudiced chit-chat, and so on.  I believe this can pass if decent people keep track of it, and we all don’t let ourselves be seared or harmed by it, or take it on board too seriously.  \n\nIt is to be taken seriously in the sense of being aware of it, and the real spread of it in real people, but the whole Trump/MAGA following really don’t follow or hold it too long-term as a vital way of life I don’t think.  There is no central core to it, it’s a political movement, where the fringe nasty messages and prejudicial statements made, are actually the more important part of it.  In times of old it might have been Keynes vs some other economic model, but Trump and MAGA and all that, have no allegiance or deeper thinking - it is the superficial that matters, the method or style that is important to such followers.  It’s a non-idea portrayed and spread in aggressive tones and with a swaggering, bullying mentality - THAT is what attracts the followers.  In other words, IMO it’s people with a weakness in their psychology that are attracted to Trump and MAGA.  \n\nIn fact, the same really as all the figureheads of Trump and MAGA, same as the GOP ‘leaders’ and key political figures.  The hostility in the packaging is what seems to matter, not really what’s inside, so why would anyone in the GOP or Republican movement high-up, need to know about or forge sensible takes on World policy for the USA?  The content of this package, the core, is hollow or just there to hold the package in shape, the substance is irrelevant.  As long as there are witches like some in the Democrats to point at, and smart-ass comments to be made, these followers have no interest in there being a solid idea or principle worth pursuing.  That’s what has come across over the last 5 years or so, that reason and fact have no currency with this lot.  \n\nIt’s a mob, that deeply desire to be part of a baying mob.  The more triggered and angry, the better they like it, it seems.  It will pass, but we all know we’re going to have to be vigilant and nod and smile a lot at stupid and mindless baloney, before that the demise of this unprincipled nonsense.  Good luck everyone, keep calm, it’ll blow by one day.  Til then, we keep it at bay and don’t let it spoil us or our world.', 'He’s like your drunk racist uncle even though he is sober.', "Trump's communication is almost impossible to follow. He babbles, changes topics midstream, and babbles some more.", 'Is he STILL not understanding how voting works? Ffs educate yourself you weapon.', 'This is what you call "ramblings from a drunk"?. ohhh that is rich....'], ['This gives new meaning to the expression, "He has so much money, he doesn\'t know what to do with it."', 'I know all rockets are somewhat phallic but this one takes the cake', 'Prime shipping at its best... to the moon and back in less than a day', 'The space race of the 1960s was fueled by American tax payers. This space race is fueled by non-tax payers.', 'For the money he spent he could let his employees use the bathroom.', 'Inventive way of escaping taxes. Literally hiding in space.', "I'm sure they are excited they didn't kill their boss.", 'The dildo jokes practically write themselves.', 'Bezos\'s inspirational message from space: "Y\'all better not be taking any pee breaks down there. I\'m watching you!"', 'This just proves we buy way too much junk.', 'I could really care less about Jeff Bezos’ billionaire joyride and I’m tired of looking at the space phallus.', 'See Jeffrey pay his fair share in taxes and give back to his customers and workers in a big way would be more fascinating to watch. 😏', 'I see Jeff is a fan of Austin Powers. He’s overcompensating.', 'Meanwhile his ex wife is giving BILLIONS of his dollars to schools and to people who need help', 'Looks like exploiting all those Amazon employees finally paid off.', 'Jeff flies to alien planet. Alien shouts “The giant D is coming, the giant D is coming! No not the ship, dumbasses. The dude inside!”', '"See Jeff Bezos pay his taxes" would be far more preferable.', 'Why is the rocket not pointy, this is bringing a smile to the face of the enemy.', '1 step closer to his dream of becoming Dr. Evil.', "I'm hoping this becomes routine. I'd like a chance to go into space in my lifetime.", 'Lots of Amazon employees are very sad that Jeff B made it back to 🌎 earth alive.', '"Good god hes back!" \n"Well sir in many ways Bobs Big Boy never left....."', 'Ladies and gentlemen, we are in the prequel of the movie Elysium.', "The Billionaires are hinting that they know what's up with Earth.", 'CNN you are out of touch. “We the people” don’t want to watch Bezos waste our tax dollars and burn our planet’s environment. This should be shamed instead of praised. 🤮', 'nothing like watching Jeff Bezos pissing away more then my whole town makes in a lifetime :/', 'Branson had better camera coverage, I would think Amazon could afford better. I guess they are right, with a big enough engine you could put a refrigerator in orbit.', "When you have billions of dollars from exploiting tax loopholes and abusing employees and you're bored with Kerbal Space Program.", '"They launched Merv Griffin\'s microphone into space."\n                                                         -Tom Servo', 'The angle of the logo in the upper-right corner is on point.', 'I’m glad he made it back safe... No where’s my f n package that was supposed to be delivered 2 days ago?', 'With all his billions-he can end poverty in Africa-why not use the money for a worthy cause instead of burning Billions worth of Fuel and equipment in 10 minutes??', 'I like how thr shape of this rocket looks just like his head.', "Jeff's laugh sounds clear from space.", 'So that intentional 150% turnover rate to avoid taxes finally paid off…', 'All he needs now is a youth elixir that will let him stay young forever.', 'I would be for sure crying on that rocket.', 'I really question the trip to the moon', 'All of a sudden that Austin Powers running gag about the shape of the rocket has become real', '“We have it on radar sir, and it… looks… like, a…”\n\n“Willy Nelson, ladies and gentlemen!”', "Good zero G time. Reminds of Willie Wonka's glass elevator. A golden candy wrapper is the ticket", 'Priorities 2021\nChina: New 400 mph Maglev train that cuts travel from Shenzhen to Beijing from 10 to 2.5 hours.\nAmerica: Billionaires space dildo race......', "Historic launch to outer 'clouds'.", 'Never have i ever enjoyed reading comments as much as these!', 'Unbelievable, never thought something we always take for granted would take man to space!', "Its a shame. They should've send him straight for andromeda without a return ticket.", 'Inventive way of escaping taxes. Literally hiding in space.', 'I am so happy 😀 to see them succeed.', "that's it? At least Richard Branson and his crew went up there and did the whole floating bit. This one looks so anti-climactic", '“We don’t need the video inside..” yes, yes we do.', 'Now if I can just get my items back in stock', "Imagine the money he'd left if he died there...", "I'd be happy if Jeff Bezos would Start Paying Taxes, And, treated his employees with dignity and fair pay.", "I can't figure out the excitement of going up there without able to stay for an hour or more. To me this is a child play.", 'Hopefully Amazon employees can have now one extra minute for break, at least a celebration that their boss is in space', 'This gives new meaning to the expression, "He has so much money, he doesn\'t know what to do with it."', "Glad they called in Miles O'Brien. That guy can fix anything on a Starship :p", "*So we went from capsules and parachutes* to the Space Shuttle and now back to 1960 tech ..\nYep that's progress ..", 'Saturday night live " Austin\'s Power version " coming soon', 'I watched the virgin launch as well but there’s nothing like a rocket launch!!!!!!!🚀❤️\u200d🔥', 'Now can we be shown how much climate change gas was released for this joy ride?', "like going all the way to that special someone's door, and then run back home again", 'While many small businesses folded during the plandemic,  Jeff doubled his net worth.', 'Jeff goes to space on a giant rooster could be a movie title.', 'The "and back" part is why I\'m not gonna watch this whole thing.', 'While the earth is being ruined at unprecedented speed and voracity...rich people joy ride into space and then try to sell their folly as important to our future...rediculous vanity without bounds', 'I guess he just wanted to see if the earth was flat', 'I would rather fly Virgin. Looks a lot safer to me than a rocket that could explode on launch', '10 min - and billions spent. How about spending these billions on your staff', 'I only watched to see if the Rocket would blow up like the space shuttle challenger. Oh well, maybe next time? Billionaires with huge egos in space,  what a concept.', 'This is why employees pee in bottles, so this psycho can take a 10 minute joy ride.', 'Trash', "all the ultra rich: We have shitted this place long enough, let's start doing the same with the outer space.", 'It fell about 400mph faster than it went up! I wasn’t expecting that.', 'Sincerely in this order: Elon>Branson >Bezos were more amazing', '09:34: "These astronauts" eeeh there was actually just 1 on board', "This is great! My favorite part is the booster coming down to a perfect vertical landing, it looks just like something out of a 1950's science fiction movie. Props to the engineers and all of the support, from the lead designers all the way to the person who emptied the waste cans in the offices .. EVERYONE involved who helped make this happen! They all have reason for celebration 👍👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸\nOnly in America Goddammit! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸", '“I’ll do it myself.”', 'Cmon man, I thought they were using rockets that used solar power, to save, you know, the thing', 'Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🎈', 'Jeff\'s adventure gives new meaning to the expression " to the moon and back " 😂😂 \nBe like.. I\'mma love you to the moon and back.. 😂😂', 'All the people who said "nah you cant survive that" when they did the test landing like 3 years ago lmao.', 'The shape of this rocket looks strangely familiar…🤔', 'Eat you heart out, Kim Jung Un! You are no longer the rocket man 🤣🤣🤣', 'Pay Amazon Employees higher wages! Give Employees more than 1 vacation day per quarter.  #UnionizeAmazon', 'No thanks. I’d rather see him not come back.', "I need neil degrasse tyson's reaction to this right now !!", 'Jetsons stuff! 🚀', "This rocket got its inspiration from R2D2's man stick.", 'The Dictator 😂 they should’ve made it a bit pointy 😂', 'The world is in total chaos and the only thing that matters is if rich people can go to visit space-wow!!!!!', 'Meanwhile, beings from another galaxy are like, "Look at the earthlings playing in the kiddie pool again! They so cute!" 😅', 'That booster coming down was sick!', 'No problem with Bezos going into space, but too bad he made it back', '“You see men sailing on their ego trips\n  Blast off on their spaceships\n  Million miles from reality\n  No care for you,  no care for me”\n                                                Bob  Marley. \n\nNo wonder they call Bob Marley a prophet.', 'I hope this gives him some perspective of how much we need to value this planet and help it. Maybe he will see the world view and make better choices.\nOne can dream this happens.\n🤷🏻\u200d♂️', 'I recommend to watch the First minute with closed captions on… 😂', 'how much time does it take for this rocket to go from 0-60?', 'This was a jip☹️ I’m glad they went up safe and came down safe-but very anticlimactic. No video showing what they saw or the expressions on their faces.', "Johnson: Colonel, you better have a look at this radar.\nColonel: What is it, son?\nJohnson: I don't know, sir, but it looks like a giant--\nJet Pilot: Dick.\nDick: Yeah?\nJet Pilot: Take a look out of starboard.\nDick: Oh my God, it looks like a huge--\nBird-Watching Woman: Pecker.\nBird-Watching Man: [raising binoculars] Ooh, Where?\nBird-Watching Woman: Wait, that's not a woodpecker, it looks like someone's--\nArmy Sergeant: Privates! We have reports of an unidentified flying object. It has a long, smooth shaft, complete with--\nBaseball Umpire: Two balls.\n[looking up from game]\nBaseball Umpire: What is that. It looks just like an enormous--\nChinese Teacher: Wang, pay attention!\nWang: I was distracted by that giant flying--\nMusician: Willie.\nWillie Nelson: Yeah?\nMusician: What's that?\nWillie Nelson: [squints] Well, that looks like a giant--\nColonel: Johnson?!\nJohnson: Yes, sir?\nColonel: Get on the horn to British Intelligence and let them know about this.\nLater, as Dr. Bezos is escaping: Basil: Did we get Dr. Bezos?\nJohnson: No, sir. He got away in that rocket that looks like a huge--\nSchoolteacher: Penis. The male reproductive organ. Otherwise known as tallywhacker, schlong or--\nDad: Weiner? Any of you kids want another weiner?\nSon: Dad? What's that? points at rocket\nDad: I don't know, son, but it's got great big--\nPeanut seller: Nuts! Hot salty nuts! Who wants some-- Lord Almighty!\nWoman: That looks just like my husband's--\nRingmaster: One-eyed monster! Step right up and see the One-Eyed Monster!\nOne-eyed Monster: jumps out and scares crowd, then points to the rocket Hey, what's that? It looks like a big--\nfemale Fan: Woody! Woody Harrelson? Can I have an autograph?\nWoody Harrelson: Sure thing. [Sees rocket] Oh my lord.\nFemale fan: It's big!\nWoody: Nah, I've seen bigger, it's--\nDr. Bezos: (To Mini-Me) Just a little prick. It's a flu shot. You've been in the coldness of space.", 'Reporter: Hey Jeff!! U ever heard of twig and berries?? Well, where’s ur berries???\nBezos: Haha!! Good one. My ship doesn’t have berries bc I was also born without berries. (Crying)', 'Those parachutes opening up rival a bellyflop maneuver quite nicely. I’ll take one of each thank you!', 'For a moment I thought the capsule did a hard landing', 'If you remember Tom Wolfe\'s account of the early manned space program, this one is "spam in a can".', 'The Blue Parachutes was BEAUTIFUL  💙🥶', 'I\'m sure Jeff Bezo has 12" blue origin in his sock draw that\'s traveled through his black hole', "I'll have to admit, the production values have come a long way since Flash Gordon.", "i'm escaping to the one place that hasn't been corrupted by regulations, SPACE!", 'Woah, the beginning of a new frontier for humanity, ever seen Star Citizen guys?', 'Awesome! "See Jeff Bezos go to space and -- ". Hey what\'s that second part? "Back?" Crap. Never mind.', "He's going to open another Amazon up there and every order will drop from the sky", "They should've dropped this horror of a human being off where the face huggers reside. He'd rather spend billions on his insane hobbies than pay his slaves a livable wage, and allow them a decent standard of living. Screw Bezos. Hopefully he won't come back from his next jaunt.", 'Keep him up there', 'Bezos needs to stay in the little capsule in the desert for 30 days and do a little self reflection. Was that an Amazon employee I saw approaching the capsule with a dozen eggs in his hand?', 'I wish I had a camera that can easily zoom in on a small object 50 miles away..', 'Soon enough Amazon would be delivering packages thru orbital bombardment.', "I'm happy for them.", 'Jeff Bezos congratulations on your successful mission to space🙏🙏👍', 'Bezos would love to give his thousands of workers humane working conditions, but that costs money. And he really really needs that cash for his ego trip to space, he has to go. All the other billionaires are.', 'Informative video..  3 mns of weightlessness in a 10 mn ride.  Hope it was worth it', 'This dude is flying into space while his employees are only allowed to breath every two minutes while on the clock.', 'went from morning coffee to this effecting my day. SMH', 'Oh shit, he came back.', "Such a short amount of weightlessness and space flight. Virgin takes an hour total time. Personally, I'm can't wait for orbiting hotels hopefully using starships.", 'He made it back thanks to Elon’s big balls of going against everyone telling them that we can reuse the boosters. Now the real question is why is everyone trying to leave earth 🤔', 'First human flight? 🤣 Its true what my grandpa told me “don’t believe a second that people went to the moon”.', 'I was just imagining that capsule explode', '7:06 “we’re in tv!”', "It's good that the booster and capsule are both reusable. Full credit for that.", 'No matter what you think of Bezos personally, this was cool! The man used his business savvy and worked to build one of the most successful businesses in the world. He had a dream to go to space and he made it happen. Only in America 🇺🇸', "Remember all you Amazon customers helped pay for this. Aren't you proud of your online shopping abilities ❓", 'Amazing technology.....infinite speed control running on two D batteries.', "It's is very awesome 👌👏😎", 'Actually I am glad he is spending his money on something instead of hoarding it.', 'Notice how thick with pollution the desert air is. And now, after the phallic intrusion, even more polluted. Insanity. 😱', "An  Executive chairman of Amazon can be put into space but I can't get my Amazon prime packages delivered on-time anymore. hahah", 'Nauseating to watch billionaires tumbling and laughing in “space” whilst the problems on terra ferma escalate by the day. Could some of this obscene amount of money be put to good use, for e.g help lift people out of poverty, improve infrastructure, reduce the tax burden on “ordinary people “?', "I can't believe everyone is falling for this circus show", 'Been there, than that...been to Space Mountain.', 'The best PR stunt in this century 👌', 'Is the extra money that Amazon workers are entitled to living in space now?', 'Im very happy for them, what an amazing accomplishment :-D', 'Kind of bland compared to watching sir Richard take that ride!🤔', 'Jeff came out screaming "the earth is flat"', "The worker's should've changed all the locks on the doors when he left!", 'To go where no billionaire has gone before,oh,wait,Branson already did,last week.Well,there are alot of Amazon employees who already think Bezos is number two.', 'The Aliens Watching Like "Awwww... That\'s Cute... Look At The Simple Humans Trying To Catch Up..." LMFAOOOOO!!!', 'Private citizens are racing to visit the outer edge of the space \n- while China🇨🇳 is still trying to copycat the abandoned Soviet Mir space station...lol', "China🇨🇳 must learn how to land its booster nicely and controllably like the Blue Origin,\n- not  falling uncontrollably onto people's heads like the Long March.", "Billionaires can have big toys and play a lot. Helps to build one's ego getting all that publicity. (Bezos owns the Washington Post so free coverage at will)", 'So now people on the international space station can finally order through Amazon..imagine that? Printer ink and paper, $40, shipping & handling $3 million.', "There's a suction cup on the bottom to keep it upright.", 'They should have kept him there', "This man pays zero in taxes, but i'm happy to see the rest of could fund this fantastic trip for him.", '“And back” wtf I signed the petition tho', 'We basically watching how rich people have fun  🤣🤣😂', 'Or if you want to feel happy, watch the first half of the video, and pretend that second half never happened.', 'Congratulations on further alienating yourself from the rest of us.', 'fantastic ......', 'Decisions, decisions, end child  hunger… launch self into space ✅', 'There are aspects of this equipment and ride which remind me of an amusement park ride, but on steroids; big up n down thrill ride!  I am hoping that the future will bring "real" space flight, as in ORBITS, etc., of the Earth, or connections tot he space station...eventually interplanetary travel.', 'WOW! One ticket for me please! 😂', 'I hope it stays there in space👽👽', 'Breaking News - Watch Jeff Bezos finally experience his first O.', 'I wish Bezos would just STAY in space and use his billions of dollars to help the people of this country instead of trying to fly away from it!!', 'Wow Jeff!', 'Lol wait this the 1st human flight? Lol I thought we already went outta space 🤣😂', 'I can’t wait for him to tell us it’s flat', '*Awww he came back ,shame..*\nWish I was looking at a fireball ..', 'Amazingly fallic', 'Out of all the rocket launched. That is the first one I have seen that looks like what a woman stores in her night stand.', 'Who else was waiting for the engine to just fail lmao', 'I wonder who ordered something up there\nThat Amazon delivery service likes to impress', '👍👍👍👍👍👍👍', 'I’m an amazon employee who is on govt assisted health care and who worked without hazard pay through the whole pandemic, so it makes me feel disgusted to see this modern day robber baron stroke his ego', "He went up to 66 miles, Branson to 56.\n\nFor a few minutes.\n\nThat's it, after 2 decades of development?\n\nI prefer not emitting the shitloads of co2 that it takes to not really get to space and use the money to buy toilets for the Amazon employees.", 'this is the best cgi i ever seen. how dumb do they think we are?', 'Out of all the rocket choices they decided to go phallic AF lol', "I don't think I ever hoped for a grand explosion more¯\\_(ツ)_/¯", 'I just wanted to buy a book on the internet', "Hello, can you tell me about cryptocurrency? (Bitcoin in particular) so much of friends has being really benefiting lately but I still don't get it in full.", 'I bet I’m gonna see a death star in a year or so', 'Way to go Bezos!!', 'im sure someone stopped him from saying what he wanted to at 9:43 lol you dont talk about crazy while your advertising', "I'm imagining all the Austin Powers jokes!", 'I guess you can call that "space."', 'Amazon stills owes me $122.16. But great for him!', 'Great so does this mean everytime someone talks about dick Branson or Jeff they are going to refer to them as astronauts', 'BLUE ORIGIN TAKES BROWN ORIFICE INTO SPACE!', 'You can’t pay taxes in space', 'The meek shall  Inherit the Earth 🌎', 'We all know what it looks like…', 'He then proceeded to build a warehouse on the moon', '😂😂😂😂😂—too bad that bucket of bolts doesn’t keep going', 'Those animals near the capsule landing are going to protest Amazon soon.', 'I read this as "Send Jeff Bezos back to space" ... I just had to click', 'Startin to believe in glass ceilings', 'This shit look like a video game 😂', 'You could see the visual of the sonic boom and then 10 seconds later you could hear the noise', 'That was far less dramatic than I thought.', 'Tax payers money, well spent 🤗', 'What’s next, watch a color tv?', 'With all that money I will never leave earth!', 'I got to see it happen in my classroom', "When you copy Space X's reusable Rocket", 'Moon nation game 🔥🔥🔥🚀🚀🚀', 'I heard there was a petition for Jeff Bezos to stay out there and space is this true???', "Beautifull. SpaceX should borrow Blue Origin's capsules (or their technology), instead of using the Russian capsules that plunge into the sea.", 'And then he descended to Earth to feed the world.', 'Why cant people just be happy for once bro i see all these comment mad like bro just enjoy the moment this will probably inspire people', 'Wonder how much he paid for this very expensive roller coaster type rocket ride great landing thou', 'Meanwhile Musk prepares for Mars 😏', 'Just remember... Bezos is in the head.', 'My question is: as for space tourism, why spend just a couple of minutes being in space, when you should spend atleast 6 or 12 or 24 hours in space, for the amount space tourism costs. The solution to this, make the damn space craft orbital. Then we can enjoy the experience a lot more.', 'Just wondering how the reception was so clear when Neil Armstrong was talking from the moon back in 1969', "This is all staged. @5:47 in this video, you can see a white seagull fly by them!\nSeagulls don't live in space. What a farce!\nThis is the Bezos Space Farce!", 'Damn. was rooting for some malfunctions.', 'After 20 years of talking, the private space companies finally deliver.', 'Enjoy the view of earth in space while you still can before capitalism ruins our one and only beatifull home with pollution.', 'Nobody cares', '"Please lets get all dressed before they open the hatch!"....', "Keep flying, Jeff. Just remember that every rocket has a failure rate. Murphy's law.", 'This is soothing though', 'I guess it will be Elon next to space?', 'That literally could not look more like a dong.', '1 min into flight:  575 mph, 2 min into the flight:  about 1,800 mph (more than Mach 2).', 'Also this was barely cool. The only thing I found interesting was the rocket landing, but otherwise Bezos will have to live with the fact that Branson did it first and I love that.', 'I guess it had to be that shape for aerodynamics. But exactly that shape?', "I don't really think he went up there anyway. Unless he's a few months away from dying, that Boomer, like most Boomers, didn't take a single risk un his whole life.", 'I guess he has too much money to burn. 😐', 'I’m wondering. What’s the flat earther’s theory regarding this?', 'i thought he was staying up there :(', 'Is this why when i subscribed for amazon prime they deducted more than what i expected all to fund this?', 'People out here acting like this is a big leap for space traversal when we literally have drones on mars and people visiting the moon.', 'I thought going to space took hours, they way I see it, they didn’t go up in space', 'Is it me or this capsule looks like a giant D 😆 🤣 and that, "the booster is about to separate from the capsule" comment 🤔 😆 🤣 😂 😹 😆', 'Into space hardly.', 'they all request a new pair of underwear when they land', "Money can do so many thing's my advice to  the government to this rich blessed Americans not to be in war with them they're smart and responsible people and thank God we have a president that they can understand our president Joe Biden and vice president communication is very important they have a lot to offer to this great nation", 'Here comes Elysium. One small step for Bozo, one giant leap for the elite.', 'Meanwhile Amazon employee have to wear diapers and work in sweatshop conditions...great', 'There is just no way that’s going 2000 mph. That would destroy you.', 'Why didn’t he continue to land on the moon? 🙂', 'Great Bozo goes into space,bummer he came back.', "Hello... I think you're missing a little detail... To go into space one \nneeds a heat shield. No heat shield, no space, no Buck Rogers... the heat shield separates the men from the boys..", 'All that money spent just that he could play ball for a few moments.', 'The irony if he had to pee in his space suit bec he stuck up their', 'No video footage of them inside I called fake.', 'Headline should be "Billionaire flees from Earth\'s problems"', 'Cool', 'Thus says the Lord God:\n\nIn those days they shall say no more, \'The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and the children\'s teeth are set on edge\'.\nBut every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.\nJeremiah 31: 29-30\n\nJudgment (pestilence): Plot against an anointed of God. \n\n"Therefore thus saith the Lord, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them".\nJeremiah 11:11\n\nJeremiah 2:22\nJeremiah 33: 3', 'Why is it that thousand of his employees have to rely on food stamps to survive.', "He and Branson should go together next time, since clearly both of them are ignoring the real story of the day... I'm still broke.", 'What’s up with the captions lmao', "That's cgi 😂", 'Camera follows the rocket perfectly. Just up and down jerkiness instead of the usual all around wobble. Kinda not real.', 'damn it… wanted it to explode.', 'Boy that was anticlimactic', 'And stay up there!', "Kinda sad he didn't stay up there.", 'That design of Bezos space ship🤣', 'Proverbs 23:5 "Will you set your eyes upon that which is not?  for riches certainly make themselves wings; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven."', 'Congratulations lauched  sound fun', 'Im wondering what kind of camera they Are using 🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Jeff, please pay some taxes..', 'He’s in space and employees pissing themselves', 'Congratulations Jeff Bezos. Welcome to 1962 🙄', 'nahhhh, i like Space X Elon the god', 'What goes up must come down...', 'At least the one and done could get to the moon', 'his is a big event. “richest human plays ping-pong in zero-g, before successfully landing back upon the launchpad built by the blood and tears of his species”. The proletariat are finally starting to grasp the fact we live like cattle, used to fulfill the crypto-fascist dreams of high-tech industrialists.', 'He had to leave to space because being the most hated man on earth was already an accomplished mission.', 'What - he came back? 😔', 'Lol CNN got donation from Bezos....and you all paid for it 🤣😉', 'Lex Luthor made it to space. Congrats', 'You really can do anything you want when you are rich rich hey.', 'So the booster went roughly 70 miles into space - the counter was over 350,000 feet.', 'Nailed that landing hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha', 'Today is the the day we first went to the moon. And Dirtbag Bezos decides to fly on this historical day. Just another reason why I don’t buy anything from Amazon', "I'm thinking the stocks movie 😂", "Bezo's dill dough", 'How long before China steals the technology and claims they invented it?', 'It is entertaining to watch Cooper Anderson drool all over Bezos much like he does Bill Gates, other than that.\nI pass...', 'Reporters get scared when they hear “sonic booms” lmfao and can’t even explain “what it is” but gives an ad of it means for a future tf', 'Notice that the mannequin they put on the window never moved one time not his hand not his head nothing', 'Wish he never come back to earth… that flight can feed many starving people', 'That is truly out of this world.', 'this just made psychedelics, DMT, and smoking a fine blunt waaaaaaaaaayyyyyy cooler!', 'This is VERY disappointing damn... if Jeff Bezos was truly in space, then I go there every time I spark my joints🤷\u200d♂️', "Essentially Alan Shepard's flight back in 1961. Straight up and back down.", 'Of course they would use the mushroom head', "Jeff Bezos didn't go to space his a coward.😂🤣", 'I hope the capsule never made it back', 'He is a brave man', 'At an angle the moon looked like it was its balls', 'Dr. Sheldon Cooper would be proud', 'It’s a bird! It’s a plane! It’s a peni5!', 'Welcome back to earth, did they go somewhere?', "I wouldn't call him an astronaut more like undertaxed", "I don't want to live longer so I can have an easy life.\n\nI want to live longer so I can continue to do analysis.\n\nBut yes I want to enjoy life", 'But which people prefer ?\n\nConsidering travell experience people might preffer virgin galactic.!', 'Proving what exactly? That billionaires can go on joy rides 50 miles above the planet?', 'He just went really high for 2 minutes 🤦\u200d♂️', 'Wow', "This is great! There's no talking. Which means CNN isn't lying!", "Y'all finna gestroy tha Earf !!!", 'Wow', "How much longer are these rich guys going to pretend they don't want to live in the movie Elysium?", 'Back to 1961!', 'Good job Jeff. You did it. Right on. Here is to humans being crafty.', 'Well good for him', 'Uncanny resemblance between the rocket and Bezos...', "I'll do this someday", 'I thought he landed with the booster attached. Not impressive lol', 'I guess it’s that boring a billionaire 🤦🏾\u200d♂️', 'STAY THERE AND NEVER COME BACK !!!', 'Is it intentionally phallic shaped?', "Remember kids: if you study hard, get good grades, go to a good college, get a job, work hard, never take a sick day, live within your means and do what you're told ... then one day your boss might go to space. 😑", 'Don’t come back…', 'That looked like a computer simulation but okay', 'omfg the shape of that rocket', 'Jeff might want to pay some taxes .', 'It says first human flight to space 😂', '*Was he trying to get space pregnant in that giant phallic symbol?*', 'Going up, like the number of people wanting election audits.', 'Looks faster than an F1 car', 'Call  me when he start to mine the Kuiper belt. Mediocre!', "The government doesn't have the money for this kind of projects so STOP crying people \nIf the government did this then you will be crying about tax payers \nLet the guy try this project", "Humping away from the earth's gravitational field, wasting billions, under-paying your workers, and humping back to earth! But I can say that landing was the best, I know about docking on earth better than anyone, trust me.", 'if you turn On Captions \nYou can see Random Letters and Numbers Its literally trying to translate the sound from the thing launching lmao', '🎵Jeffrey Bezos, Jeffrey Bezos, Jeffrey Bezos🎵\n🎵You did it!!🎵', 'Nice hobby Jeff.   Pay your share of federal taxes.', 'Imagine it would explode while launching', "Branson: Meh...it's been done.", 'There goes the neighbourhood', 'More carbon emitted in that launch than 3,000,000,000 cars produce in one year.', "Jeff you've had a long time to make many enemies. So many governments, business interests, even religious leaders that would like to see you depart this Earth. Before you leave again, you should consider giving something back to the people of this Earth, from whom you have taken so much.", '🚀 💥👈i wanted that.  I coulda Dr. Evil flew on spaceship that looked phallic. \n\nWhy does this launch look fake?', 'I didn’t so much enjoy watching him return.', 'I love capitalism 🐍', 'You want me to believe man has been to the moon, and looking at this trip to space looks like a bunch of rookies.', 'Kind of wish it blew up. I can’t be the only one.', 'Why did he come back? I heard you have to pay taxes if you come back.', 'But Jeff….., Richard Branson was first !  😃', "All those boosters flying these weeks can't be good for the Amazon", 'I wonder how many of their homeless employees it took for them to afford toys to take them out of space? How much money did it cost to feed and house their employees at the expense of the tax payer’s? These rocket men are clearly not paying enough taxes in the US.', 'A step to the future', 'He ruined it with the van Jones award.  Van jones is nowhere close to civil! Haha!   Tom Brady would have been a much better choice!', 'Take that flat earthers!!!🤣🤣🤣🌍', 'And CNN covers this tax dodger and we watch', 'They said: "Let\'s have us some fun and go to space!!!" LOL', 'We are just in a different time', 'This is a very common thing in China, there is nothing to be excited about.', 'Oh hes not staying there?? ....damn it', 'Just for 5minutes , I thought they would be gone for 24 hours....did they even see the solar system?', 'Mark Bezos is a space cowboy.', 'Is Jeff the founder of YoRha', 'Now  the Race Between Jeff Bezos And Elon Musk to become the one , to be first to the Mars!!!! Has Officially Started . WoW!!!', 'Lol at Elon malding', 'And now space is pregnant', 'Blast off the Amazon Dilldozer with billionaire Jeff Bazos!', 'There are not enough barf bags in the world to get me on that thing!', 'Did I just watch Space Balls?', "La dilapidation affronte l'économie,  l'égoïsme affronte le futur, l'inutile  affronte l'espoir, la possible mort affronte la pérennité humaine .", 'For 3 mins ?? Biggest waste of money, time, and resources ever lmao. Like that’s genuinely sad.', 'Yep, that rocket is pretty phallic.', '*Draw an equilateral triangle 0.25 inches high and place it on top of an 8" diameter circle.* The circle represents our planet at a scale of 1" = 1000 miles. The base of the triangle is the amount of earth that can be photographed from the ISS with a 60-degree lens pointing straight down. Not very much. That is a square one-quarter inch in size on an 8” circle. A jet flying at an altitude of seven miles is 0.007 of an inch (a human hair averages 0.004 inches in diameter) above the circumference of our circle. A sixty-degree lens pointing straight down can capture a seven mile wide area represented by a square 0.007” on each side in our diagram. That is seven-thousandths of an inch on the 8 inch circle. The apparent curvature of the earth that can be seen from a jet is optical illusion that makes the horizon appear to be circular. Your eyes and a lens both admit a circle of light, but an internal shield in a camera leaves only a rectangle visible by blocking out the outer segments. Videos that purport to take in the entire planet from 250 miles above the surface of earth are the product of software programs. You need to be 4000 miles away to capture the whole planet employing a sixty-degree angle lens.\r\n      \r\n*With the earth spinning at 1000 mph why does it take the same amount of time to travel both east and west?* A jet flying at an altitude of seven miles is 0.007” above our 8” circle that in a relative sense is virtually pressed tight against it and held in position by gravity as well as the atmosphere, which is a fluid and part of the planet and must be considered in a manner similar to water that is a fluid that fills our oceans. The jet is contained within this atmosphere (it is _inside_ the planet that is spinning and hurtling through space in a path similar to a coil spring in a circular spiral) and just like a ball tossed in the cabin of a jet to each the other is stationary. Drop a dime. It falls straight down because its horizontal speed is the same as that of the jet. The ISS is only 0.25” above our circle and much the same can be said for it. However, to a craft approaching this planet from outside our atmosphere and not yet under the influence of our gravity the 1000 mph spin must appear real and cannot be ignored. A N-S runway would be whisked away to the side at 1000 mph as it attempted to touch down. On an E-W runway its landing speed would have to be 1000 mph greater than normal _with_ the spin; and, _against_ the spin the runway would be whisked away behind it at a speed comprised of the sum of 1000 mph plus its landing speed.\r\n      \r\nThat concept opens up an entirely new chapter. How can a craft from earth approaching a rapidly spinning planet treat it as if it were stationary? _Is there something that they are not telling us?_\r\n     \r\n     \r\n     \r\n*Footnotes:*\r\n     \r\nA cat is dozing on top of the backrest of a seat in a truck travelling east on the freeway at 50 mph. \r\n     \r\nA mouse scurrying across the floorboards in the same direction as the truck is travelling is unaware that it is moving forward at 52 mph. To the mouse whose world is the cab of the truck its speed is 2 mph. The mouse turns around and scampers back under the seat. It is oblivious of the fact that it is actually moving forward at 48 mph. As far as the mouse is concerned it kept running at 2 mph and merely reversed direction. \r\n     \r\nThe cat that was napping on top of the backrest of the seat wakes up. Glancing out the window it realizes that it is travelling at 50 mph when out of the corner of its eye it spots this mouse running across the floorboard. Despite having nine lives, none of which has yet been expended, this overfed, fat and lazy tom reasoning that _discretion is the better part of valor_ declines an opportunity to pounce upon the terrified rodent that to this feline is darting forward at 52 mph.\ufeff\r\n     \r\nThe kids riding in the back seat monitor their motion on a laptop computer having logged into a program on the Internet that measures their position relative to a star. They marvel at the daring of this fearless, daredevil driver _that is their father,_ who, behind the wheel of a vehicle whose roadworthiness permitting it to operate on the freeway having long ago ceased to be merely questionable has dispensed with caution and ignoring speed limits and other traffic and apparently unfazed by the prospect of being issued a ticket thrusts forward at 1050 mph. The indolent tom whose methodical purr is mistaken for the sound of a well-maintained and precisely tuned engine has deflated the resolve of more than one trooper determined to seize, impound and immediately tow this unsafe vehicle off the road, instead relenting and climbing back into his patrol car, puzzled, with the thought _I must be going crazy._\r\n      \r\nAbove the solid surface this planet is encased in fluids, which are the oceans of water and a blanket of air that surrounds it. The truck is not on top of this planet, as generally believed, but like the jet flying overhead is enclosed deep within it. A craft approaching earth enters an atmosphere that gradually thickens and is caught up in the spin so that by the time it is close to the ground the earth appears stationary.', 'Elon Musk next ?', 'Anderson Cooper actually called them Astronauts 😳🤔', 'Bezos & Co. are NO astronauts just call them what they really are they are joy riders.', 'Miles, feet? Wtf?', 'They could have at least given the damn rocket and capsule a wash before taking off. It looks dirty. 🤣🤣\n\nSo which billionaire pissing contest are we going to see next?\n\nBut incredible engineering, ingenuity and hard work from all the actual professionals who made this happen. Massive milestone.', "I've always wanted to see Mr. Bean in space. A corrupt, Mr Bean. Just isnt that exciting.", "Him too? Didn't Branson just did his space trip lol wth. Is Elon Musk next ?", 'It\'s been 46 years since 7 died in the air. With your eyes going to the cerebellum, without an absolutely gorgeous view to ... in fact the other point will be Area51 for you!\nI wonder how many thousands of hours of training you have and how\nyou called with the idea "Billy come with us on Mars we\'ll have fun" kiskiss and he\nrefusing crying with longing! In fact, the extraordinary thing happens to them every day and how they decide by laughing fate, life and where to go and how the money. 1% of your wealth saves millions of children. top25-100\nHow because of you it is under the ground and there are diseases, natural disasters, bombs, wars, attacks, etc. that the top of the rich controls everything. Why do you still live to what genocide you bring to society every day? Where some of you play god and make decisions instead\ntime and death get rid of you and your mistakes of sucking everything from the earth and us, but someone must still inherit you to answer the world.', "That's it ?", 'Metropolis. Great movie watch it. Metropolis goes to space.', 'Wow.', 'So can we all agree that that rocket literally looks like a giant phallus?', 'Yawn', 'Got an ad for vehicle insurance during this. I wonder what the deductible would be?', "Colonel, you better take a look at this radar.  I don't know sir, but it looks like a giant", 'Every time they send paying billionaires up there should be a rule where they have to take along a child picked by lottery from public schools.......   You really expect them to make this accessible to us regular folk?', 'This is a slap in the face for every single American taxpayer', "If you want to be skeptical of medicine, then be skeptical of all of Medicine.\n\nMy diabetic nephews could not have reproduced if they were born a little over a century ago.\n\nI'm not an evolutionist but I point out the possible problem of passing on what people used to die of.", "Did he penetrate the ozone or couldn't he find it?", 'Couldn’t get throw the dome huh?', 'ah great - what a success for humanity! what about the CO2 emissions these * billionaire *uckers produce for their hobbies! i read they emit 1600 times more CO2 than a normal human being in his entire life span!', 'Did he reenter the earths atmosphere  at what 5000 degrees  NO  ,he is not an astronaut.', 'Capsule stolen by porch pirates shortly after landing.', "Seams like there's a jumping castle on the spaceship... 2:16", "I don't want to live large.\n\nBut am I selfish to want a personal assistant while I'm struggling with breast cancer.", 'So this guy stands against Greta and the environment?', 'CNN constantly talking about Bezos in a positive light is an attempt at manufactured consent. \nStay vigilant. \nRemember: You Are Not Immune To Propaganda.', 'why is the captions freaking out', 'Dr evil has materialized...', 'Riskier than Bransons mission', "Who gives a F about these billionaires. With so much going on on earth that needs fixing, as human we're F!", "Jeff Bezos went to space today. This morning I saw a guy looking in the trash for Food. And still never knew what and who was on the tapes in Epstein's Island.  🙃", 'That will be me one day', 'Looks like Elon Musks work', 'Cnn is losing it😂🤣', "Even if I was not a witness and regularly voted.\n\nI would defend a person's right not to vote and that they should have rights.\n\nAs far as I can see criminals have more rights than I do.", '“Astronauts” is a gratuitous overstatement. Neil Armstrong was an astronaut, unlike those folks.', 'Im sure this got Don lemon very excited..', 'One mean circumcision when the tip got separated from the shaft... nip the tip... shling', 'Why does he have to come back?', "A$$tronauts... wasting money. I've had shorter dreams about going to space that lasted longer than that effort 🙃", 'Crazy idea; instead of space, spend the money on the starving people on earth, or fight climate change.', 'why does his rocket look like a male genetalia?', 'They was not in space😂', 'THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS :\nFREEDOM FOR CUBA**', 'Was he in tho? That other old dude made it better last week', 'We all collectively paid for this. I want our money back lmao', 'And this is the day the Bernie tax wealth credit gained steam.', "Don't come back!", "It's time to rise up and guiliteen all these rich jerks!!!!", "I can't pay my bills but another whitey on the moon, haha", "If Bezos decides to give his billions to starving children, I'll watch that. Pathetic news broadcast :p", 'Elon Musk would be next', 'For some odd reason I thought about a song by Gil-Scott Heron: "Whitey on the Moon!" despite the fact that Jeff was not even close to the moon despite all his bravado and braggadoccio! What are our priorities as a [human] race? For starters, Jeff Bezos should not be allowed to evade and avoid taxation. Maybe, just maybe, he could start by treating the "AVERAGE AMAZON WORKER ON THE SHOPFLOOR" with a "tad" more respect and "appreciation in the wallet" a.k.a. "Take Home PayPacket!" Reality Check. The same applies to Richard "Smarmy" Branson! Hi Elon, you\'re next!', 'No sound barrier effects, oof', 'Why at the beginning looks like a bad graphics,old game ?and in some scenes before end also?', 'Musk and bezos went to the upper atmosphere not space', "That's Dr. Evil and his massive spaceship that looks like a......\nHOTDOGS! COME GET YOUR HOTDOGS!", "World's richest man Jeff Bezos (of Cuban extraction) living the American dream to the fullest.  God Bless America!", 'New Prime delivery option on personal massage wand.', 'Modern day TOWER OF BABEL.', "It's a human tragedy for Jeff Bezos to land on the Earth again.", 'Curvature.           Hehehehehe\nSphere Shaped. Hahahahaha\nGravity.                Hihihihihihihi\nOuter Space.     Hohohohohoh\nAliens.                 Huhuhuhuhuhu', 'Whoever designed that rocket is a fan of Austin Powers', 'Rodeo whooping  spectators', 'CNN is always selling out. The average person will never make it to space in a rocket', "Holy chit!  What's next, billionaires and the rich sticking their names on builds and such.  😁", "Doesn't he own the Washington Post?", 'Nice picture', 'And guess who paid for it, the taxpayers.', 'This. Is. Awesome!!!🔥🔥🔥 these two flights are historic!!! People are going to look back 50 years from now and say this was the point when mankind started making spaceflight a regular thing!! We humans can do some amazing things!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥', "It's micro gravity. Not 0 gravity lol.", "Where's Kamala?Don't they always show us  Kamala walking behind Sleepy Joe. Isn't it strange ever since she went to the hospital this past Sunday that we haven't seen her at all this week.", 'droe parachutes go where?', 'Massive disappointment that it never blew up', 'Hopefully someday Humans will make it to the moon for the 1st time.', 'I know he TECHNICALLY went to space, but if it ain’t orbital, I’m not impressed. You don’t get licked by the fires of hell on the way back down, it don’t count.', 'Anyone else thinking what I’m thinking? Looks Like a certain part of Ron Jeremy just took off to impregnate the heavens!!!', 'Keep him mork from ork', 'Houston, the glans has landed.', 'Well Done !!\nAnd Bravo CNN for not providing any unnecessary commentary or blocking the speed and altitude displays on the screen with useless info like the other networks.\nThis was far more exciting than what Richard recently pulled off, which was exciting too.\nWe have definitely entered a new space age today.', 'Spending millions to fly for 10 minutes into space is no problem, but giving your employees decent working conditions? you can forget about that', 'How much did Jeff spend on this project. It is not worth spending that kind of money when people are suffering', 'Some astronaut wanna be, big shit!', 'Why do all these rockets look like they are impregnating the atmosphere!  What is up with the shapes?  Why not disc or bird shape like the more advanced races.', "Wouldn't mind seeing him leave.  No real desire to see him return.", '“See Jeff Bezos go to space…”\nI can’t think of anything I’d want to see LESS than another billionaire ego launch himself into “not actually space.”\nReally, who in the world gives a shit? How about some news that matters to the people of the world rather than one person who thinks the world revolves around him. PLEASE!!!', 'Astronauts?\nSmh', 'Really hoped he’d get stuck up there', 'Did anyone notice something flying out like UFO at 5:49?', 'Who would have thought in 2021....a journey to space (inner-space orbit flight) would look faker than the "moon landing". CGI can only go so far! #GodSpeed #FlatEarthRainbowFlight', "The guy who doesn't pay taxes? That guy? We're to watch that guy go off to space while the rest of his foot his bills? THAT GUY!? NAH!!", 'This is AMC STOCK When it SQUEZZE 🚀🚀🚀', 'that rocket shaped like a pp lol', 'Billionaire way to sky dive and back', 'why does a lot of it look computer graphic', 'CNN; See Jeff Bezos go to space and back. \n\nMe; I don’t care about the richest man is the US spending pocket change to go to space when the majority of the US can barely afford to house themselves.', 'Cowboy hats are back..!\nWho knew..!!!', 'Why are you guys calling this the first human flight', 'Dr. EVIL escapes!   (Austin Powers)  lol', 'RiP earth', 'Austin Powers would be proud! YEAH BABY!!🤓', 'Why don’t you guys do some real journalism and discuss labor issues? \nWe never hear about the coal miner strike in Alabama, the deplorable working conditions at Amazon, and the billions of dollars lost in wage theft when employers fail to pay workers the full wages to which they are legally entitled.', 'Tryna find how he can set up network with the 👽👾..', 'One more moment and reason  trump be more miserable and unhappy old man! I’m ok with that', 'Fauci for *Prison* 2021.', "Damn was hoping for the Columbia all over again, except this time it would've been someone the world was better off without", 'My boss built a rocket & took an unnecessary trip to outer space today- meanwhile I had to take public transportation to work - fml 🤦🏾\u200d♀️', "Thank god they did't make any tiktok out there.", 'Oh CNN why are you giving them so much time', 'Fake because no space orbit footage.', 'Loool. The blue origin trying to make themselves seem like pioneers while they copied space x. As usual bezos king of knock off ideas and perfect it better', 'Bezos is doing supersonic joy rides while Musk is going to Mars.', "I've been to the Washington Monument,  caliphate in Egypt, Vatican in Rome.  Hmmmmmm..never been to space..", "*SPACE RACIST*  Oh wait he's the wealthiest liberal in the world so the media isn't allowed to mention it.", 'Why do we have to do this now?', "They didn't even fucking go anywhere! Wtf I thought he was going to actually stay up there", 'Why do you glorify  a guy w ho literally applies slavery to his employees and treats the planet like his personal dumb!?!?', 'sooo...why do Astronaughts trian again???🤔', 'Dr Evil in real life', 'Truly a national tragedy he lived', 'Nonsense', "That's not a soft landing,  16 mph to 0.", 'The launch looks CGI to me', "Wow I'll be the next one to go to space! Where's Elon Musk! He lost the race.", 'Well at least the price of fuel has been steadily going down for regular Americans 😳', 'Wowie', 'Bezos is stupid is all I can say.\n\nInstead go and feed the hungry...you have too much money to spare because you overcharge your customers.', 'Now prove they where in the rocket.', '#SOSUSA', "I'm glad everything went okay.  We don't want to hurt the goose that lays the golden eggs.", 'Cnn Ratings sure  👍..went into space..', 'I think Richard did it better!'], ['"Enemies, foreign AND DOMESTIC..."', 'If someone had told me, even as recently as 10 years ago, that this would happen in the US, I would have told them they were crazy.  I no longer know my own country.', 'I hope Boogaloos, proud boys etc know they will have a fight and they will lose if that s___ happens again.  Traitors', 'This is absolutely unbelievable. I feel like this is getting lost in history too. This is bonkers!!', 'The only thing that shocks me anymore is the lack of consequences..', 'Well done general, there is no oath to the president, it’s the constitution!', 'I always knew this guy, the so call President was exactly up to these tricks.', 'My God, we were close to suffering the same type of upheaval and chaos we are way too quick to ridicule other nations of conducting.', "... Predictably -  the Plot Thickens ... Stay tuned - this movie ain't over.", '“Against all enemies foreign and domestic” living up to that oath.', 'General Milley was also great a few weeks ago when he shot back at Matt Gaetz over “Critical Race Theory” https://youtu.be/oz7yDU1FmJQ He is now my favorite General (not that I had one before)!', 'General milley and the other senior military officers were true to their oaths to our country and constitution   thank God that they had and have that integrity and honor.  Thanks for your service 🙏👍', 'The general who wins the battle makes many calculations in his temple before the battle is fought. The general who loses makes but few calculations beforehand. ~ Sun Tzu', 'Thank You General Milley and all that you’ve collaborated with. \nWe know you’re on top of the current August BS. \nGod Bless you all.', '“A republic, if you can keep it.”\n\n-Benjamin Franklin', "All the GOP leadership know that the Trump base will never read any of these books; the Trump base can barely get through a McDonalds' restaurant menu.", "So now imagine US have different tribal and major religions divide.\nThis is what we're dealing with in Africa.\nSo sad", 'When killer gets away from murder, the killing will go on. Only a matter of time. Next time could be thousand-time worse!  Thanks Gen. Mark Milley for saving our nation', 'I appreciate the fidelity of General Milley to actual patriotic duty, but I’m not sanguine about the inevitability of his underlings and successors doing the same, and following his example—after all, Michael Flynn wore the same uniform.  We aren’t likely to find out whether the Milleys outnumber the Flynns until it’s too late to matter.', 'If Comey did not make a publicity stunt out of Clinton emails, imagine where we would be...', '"The boogaloo boys" is an inorganic meme.', 'my grandfather said to me if they tried to really pull off  a coupe some secret service agents would just off him I thought that was really funny 😂😂', 'This revelation is so dangerous and more so that so many recognized this And did nothing to stop Trump then and now.\nSTOP Trump now he is not worthy to represent the American people.', '"What can men do against such reckless HATE?" LOTR', 'When I took my enlistment oath, it was to the US Constitution. Not the god damn president.', "General Milley, isn't he the Cereal guy? I like him! Thank you for giving us Lucky Charms!", 'Dana Bash, right on.  This is why the GOP party leadership has universally been against a congressional investigation into Jan. 6th.', 'No commissioned officer swears an oath to the president.....they swear an oath to The Constitution', "This is the first just cause that I would sign up for since WWII. Even though I deplore most deployments, I always respect the soldier. We don't give them nearly the respect they deserve.\nThank you General Milley and all the true patriots. \n  I am a tree hugging liberal, from a huge family of soldiers.", "It's good to know grown ups were behind the scenes watching what was going on.", 'Sometimes in my mind I am critical of the Military and some of the things that occur. Not this time. Hearing this, I am so grateful for General Milley, his actions and the fact that he saw this maniac for what he is and took proactive steps in the event that it got worse to ensure our safety. A true American hero with nothing but the best intentions for all of us. Thank you Sir!', 'Damn it I was so waiting for a legitimate , constitutional coup', 'Now imagine a scenario where those checkpoints are held by people of a different persuasion. How fragile our democracy is, indeed.', 'Christ. But Trump is the logical end of letting the rich have their way as per Reagonomics.', 'General Mark Milley is a true “American Patriot” and “American hero” in the deepest sentiment of those terms.\nAny conscientious American can only have the utmost admiration and respect for his integrity, demeanor, resolve and sense of priorities when faced with a complete disgrace and disgusting individual like Donald Trump.', 'Never mess with your guard dogs they will turn on you! Some people don’t know their power! 🤔', 'So glad to know our military is sworn to uphold the truth.  Without truth, democracy dies.', 'It’s also comforting to know that our military leaders are well read and patriotic.', "Thank you general it's good to know we weren't crazy", 'Funny how they never seem to do this with the DNC and DNCNN', 'Glad this guy was paying attention. It makes me feel a little bit better.', 'This legitimately makes me feel a little bit better.', 'This is all so embarrassing. Our generals are accountable to the constitution not to any one man.', 'I love your show continue to put out facts. God bless you and your family', "It's scary to think who their next nominee will be.", 'America can be proud of our military. Officers are taught their loyalty is to the Constitution..not some two bit orange madman.', 'Look at the age of the profiles of the trolls.\nSo many are brand new.\nThey are on the GOP payroll', 'The Oath is solely to the Constitution.', 'Respect ✊🏼', 'I’m encouraged to know this. They were guarding against trump.', 'They brought up a good point! The fact that most of the gqp is going to donny’s rallies even after the attempted coup.', "It's a real problem we have here.I hope everyone is prepared for the problems our Democracy is facing still.", 'Thank the lord for those men who truly have Honor.', 'The oath all military officers take is to protect the Constitution from all enemies, foreign and domestic. \n\nNothing in there about obeying the orders of the president. \n\nGood to see that they never forgot their sworn duty.', '4:12 "There\'s also a lot of revolutions-- uh, revelations"\n\nYes.  :P', 'It is great that US has a strong federal system and judiciary that keeps any one person or party to take over the absolute power.', 'I had hoped all along that Our Generals would protect the Country, General Milley is a good Man!!', 'America needs a hell of a lot more General Milley s.', "I want to thank and congratulations to Big tech and mainstream media 👏for teaching us and the whole world 🌎that we can ban The speech of the President of the United States of America from all platforms and I appreciate them showing us that The Commander in Chief and the leader of the free world doesn't have freedom of speech and when they banned the chief executive officers speech they banned all the co equal branches simultaneously yup yup 👏thanks Ya'll", 'Watching the American Military crush insane dissenters and insurrectionists would make me giddy, not going to lie.', "Sounds like Jordan needed Liz's help.", 'This is both horrifying and fascinating, I don’t live in the US but if this was happening in my country I would be really scared. It goes beyond partisan politics, I’m watching this country disintegrate from the other side of the world. My heart goes out to the millions of Americans who love their country. I want to say it’s gonna be ok but right now it seems kind of unclear. Hang in there you guys x', 'Thanks Covid!', 'Good show!', 'Those that attacked the Capital were Anti-Patriots "Anti-Pats"', "Reacharound Jim shouldn't mess with Darth Vader's daughter.", 'Those same generals knew of the election fraud coup. Now we know.', 'Thank God for Milley!', 'My friend Ren once said, "Stimpy you idiot!"', '"that word \'Patriots\' have been kind of taken over by sort of far right nationalists"... pretty sure that\'s been the case since the 2003 invasion of Iraq.\nSeriously, was Trump so bad as to cause us to forget that Bush sent 250,000 U.S Troops which lead directly to 109,032 violent Iraqi deaths, 66,081 of which were civilians (and that\'s the lowest estimate I could find).', "I recommend Frontline's Egypt In Crisis. Similarities from campaign trail to deployment of feds to quell rioting are STUNNING. Egypt's military did EXACTLY what Gen stated would happen if tr**p went rogue!! After watching, no doubt in me we came close to having to defend our democracy against an insider threat of the highest type. Not one ounce of doubt.", 'I 💙💯 u.... Keep the Good TRUTH ; coming...', 'Maybe you ought to impeach him for the third time?\n🤣😅😆', 'The General takes his orders from the President only.  ..supposedly.  The General may be right or wrong...but it definitely undermines the constitution and the democratic process.', 'The letter from the Joint Chiefs after Layfayette Sq didn’t get the attention it deserved.', 'Might not have gone anywhere but redundancy is always good, especially with stakes like this.', 'Neutralize the threat!', "You know what's going to happen, right. Civil War. Hello! Play this out they're not going anywhere and it's escalating. Hold on!", 'Salute and Respect to the generals for their integrity, loyalty to the constitution and true love of their country and fellowmen. 👏🏻', "Hopefully in August they don't put their guard down.", "ngl I'll probably buy the book on Amazon", 'The question I have, why is it down to a few commanders to save our country from the next coup? Why is this the last line? What do we do when these WWII remnants pass from power?', 'They were worried that what the generals support abroad might finally happen in the US.', '"I mean, its fascinating to hear that... people in the US still read books."', 'Okay, I’ve had my doubts but now I’m sure since I’m actually thinking good thoughts about Liz Cheney: at some point I fell through a breach in space-time into an alternate universe.', 'Can you imagine the Nazi\'s that WERE kept away from the "Pep Rally"? The Cantaloupe Comb-over said it exactly how he meant it:\r\n"We\'ll never win another election if we can\'t control who Votes".', 'I’m proud of General Milli. Our politicians should have that much courage', '🇺🇸got lucky the right man, with the right education & experience was in the right role at the very second he needed to be. Or by design of good planning, training, traditions and identification of the brightest and best', 'The guy who said “you can’t do this without the guns” is right. \n\nJan 6th was evidence of this. I think Trump thought that “loyal officers” would show themselves and keep him in office, but they never did. So it was just his followers and Trump and eventually the putsch petered out.', 'Thank God some one had our backs.', 'Thank God for General Milly', 'I am happy to know they had safeguards in place in case someone showed the Cheeto guy how to put in the codes. \n\nif you have a Doomsday device,  you don\'t willingly let it get into the hands of a person who played a "rich successful businessman" on TV.   Or a madman, either.', 'How did Flynn get his tin stars?', 'no one person should have the ultimate power. I always said that for many years. It took a real crazy psychotic person to change things and it is not going away yet.', 'As a German, I think Milley was totally right!', 'Well done general. America salutes you✋', "Dear Russian disinformation trolls: At this point, you're only killing and marginalizing Trump supporters. Don't stop.", 'Complete  disregard for opsec by the member of the generals staff who leaked these conversations. Comforting to the people he serves, but but "loose lips sink ships "', 'Im pretty sure that Cheney could have protected that wussy jordan. Not the other way around', "Thank You Gen. Milley for being a leader and taking the reigns against that  unAmerican dictator who should've never been elected president! We are in very dangerous times and if we don't unite and hold these unpatriotic criminals responsible, we will see many more situations like Jan 6th and worse!!", 'Gotta love the CIA agent reporting news at CNN.', 'pretty sure CCN and the general made this story up.', 'this is wild. i cannot imagine the shit trump has said or tried to do... we are just getting tidbits of what really happened... scary stuff', 'Gym Jordan couldn’t help the kids he was supposed to protect..What help would that little weasel be? 😂', 'Where was this “ring of steal?!”', 'How can people not see what this guy has always been up to ?', 'Why coup Anything when you can just steal it', 'we have blood drinking billioionairs who try to live up to 100 and they drink childrens blood and eat flesh, and they winde in hell going down dark portalls so sad', 'The military pledges allegiance to the constitution, not the president. If a president dismisses an election held under constitutional standards just so he could stay in power, the military has a duty to act. For what it is worth, I commend General Miley.', 'we have blood drinking billioionairs who try to live up to 100 and they drink childrens blood and eat flesh, and they winde in hell going down dark portalls so sad', 'we have blood drinking billioionairs who try to live up to 100 and they drink childrens blood and eat flesh, and they winde in hell going down dark portalls so sad', 'we have blood drinking billioionairs who try to live up to 100 and they drink childrens blood and eat flesh, and they winde in hell going down dark portalls so sad', 'we have blood drinking billioionairs who try to live up to 100 and they drink childrens blood and eat flesh, and they winde in hell going down dark portalls so sad', 'The JCS aren’t even combatant commanders. The fact that they had to have that conversation is extremely telling', "Jesus H. Christ. As a USAF Veteran I'm shaken by the fact that a former Commander and Chief acted the way DT did.", 'The title of his book was perfect. It’s a narcissist’s phase. Just perfect!', "Was general milly in WW2, I don't think so, so how can he call them nazis ???", 'Sick stuff on cnn', 'Unbelievable, they all thought that they would get away with all of this.. Goes to show you how dumb they ere!', "As Tony S. would say, he's gotta go.", 'Heads up, vanderbilt is about to tell you some truths..🤣', 'General Milley is the best!!  Btw doesn’t he look like he could play a sitcom dad from the 90s or early 2000s?', 'I love their discussion about true patriotism at the end. I disagree with her on almost everything and think her father was a war criminal but Liz Cheney is one of the few Republicans who understand being a patriot doesn’t mean waving the flag or chanting with the mob, it means standing up for the values your nation is supposed to stand for, especially when doing so is difficult. I’m sure she would hate the comparison but that’s why other real patriots are people like Daniel Ellsberg.', 'USA needs more of Gens like Gen. Milley ..', 'Battle of The Bulge 101st General said Nuts to the Nazis. 101st knows the enemy. AMEN 🇹🇹💙💛', 'Love of country over any man or political party or cult. 🇺🇲', 'So what’s there plan for the guy that is still trying to learn to wipe', 'This stuff would be fascinating to read in a history book.  However, reading about it now, while the lies continue, is sad and frankly terrifying for our country and our future.', 'Adam shift still has positive evidence in his basement', 'so kinda confused, does this mean jan 6th wasnt an attempted coup since they didnt react? or failure of leadership to stop a coup that happend?', 'Pretty scary!', 'Gen Milley and our soliders are the OG anti fascists', 'I think when he said we are the guys with the guns that he was referring to much bigger guns than AR15S...', "I'm so glad you have a steady and courageous man and leader like Gen. Milley. Mind you I'm no US citizen but always looked up to your country and her people. The former man just destroyed your image as a world leader. The Jan 6th riot put the notch to the lowest level. With all those enablers who cannot seem to distance themselves from this toxic guy is just beyond me.", '😂', 'We need to stop all the divisive BS now. \nHad there been a couple, the Russians and possibly the Chinese would most likely see it as an opportunity to strike.\nNo one talked about that possibility.', 'Awareness is known by awareness alone.', 'What is the crazy part is that all of this happened in America. Amazing', "trump does not have allies.. he has acolytes.. and when he feels he's done with you... it's under the bus you go...", "SO  WHY  weren't  they  better\nprepared  for  JAN  6 ⁉️ smh", "I can't wait until J Lo is single again.", 'Meanwhile you have a retire general Flynn pushing for a coup along with Rudy and likely others in Congress', 'Thank the heavens there are men of honour in the military.', 'We are in a coup!', "Pelosi had to make sure 45 didn't have his hand on the NUKES!", 'seems like news outlets are  in large part set up to push the latest book', 'Good they should have a plan for every occasion.', 'Politics is war without blood, war is politics with blood.', 'Thanks 45 supporters for tuning to CNN and giving a thumbs down to the truth.  Dear Leader must be protected.', "Liz Chaney and Jim (Gym) Jordan in a cage match.  I'm bettin' on Liz!!  Probably 8 or 10 - 1 odds, too.", "Wait i thought they said it was a coup...so it was in case there was a coup? Well glad thats cleared up. Now we can address CNN's ratings 😂", 'Accountability please....', 'Traitors. When generals get involved with politics you are one step away from fascism.', 'IMPEACH Comrade Biden!', 'Anyone notice that Webex by Cisco provides a much better remote image quality than Skype?', 'Commy news network at it again.', 'If you read the middle volume of William Shirer’s autobiography, The Nightmare Years, you can read a firsthand account of the Reichstag moment and its aftermath. It takes a madman to start a world war.', 'America still waiting for another civil war about to be repeat! Imagine what if Trump will become president in the 2024 election what will happen to America?', 'This would be a hell of a movie', 'Why are you still talking about this dude', 'Treason !!!!', 'True men of honor and valor the descendants of the ones that defeated the Fascists and the Nazies stop America from becoming the Germany of the 1930s... My respect sir well done...', 'Would have dropped them myself if they tried a coup', 'Army,… oooh. Damn, I’m scared!!!! Notice it wasn’t a Marine. Their too busy fighting', '😂 \n#TrumpWonBidenCheated', 'Milley hit it on the head.\n\nBut may be Milley should have done SOME things to stop this nonsense, After all, the military the FBI and the CIA has the guns', 'The Reichstag Fire was almost certainly set by the Nazis themselves, but they blamed it on Communists...sound familiar?', 'Millet never disappoints, respect.', 'Wow', 'So what are they doing about the current coup?', 'It\'s great to know that the United States "CAVALRY" were planning.on coming to the rescue.', 'I\'m glad Milley was willing to stand as a guardrail BUT ...\nit\'s a real problem that the military/brass need to prepare to defy civilian authority\n\n... however much you might agree "need to"', 'The pretending continues.', 'Politicized military NOT!!! USMC golf company Miramar Marine Air Base signing out!!!', "2018, Capital, Kavanaugh confirmation. 2 billion in damages, coast to coast.  Businesses and buildings burned, Peaceful though.  Can't count the innocent people murdered, never forget RIP Secoriea Turner and never forget RIP David Dorn.", 'Hmm,  with access to top secret info and briefings,  the general reffered to them as Nazis. Says a lot that he chose that verbiage.', 'Ah when the US was run better. Now l look at us', 'ok general, what are your thoughts on the gov colluding with big tech to silence opposing views, "misinformation" for example. free speech is protected by the 1st Amendment.', 'This dude cooper is such a guppy .', "imagine if Drumpf's mercenary LOPS would have been successful (teams #2 and #3, the proud boys did their job breaching). The Q party told us for years what the resulting melee would have looked like.", 'It’s not often that I say “Thank God for the military,” but there it is. I said it.', 'DUH??? "You knew I was a snake when you picked me up" ... Actual quote from Trump to his rally audiences.', 'Milley, Barr, and Bolton needed to speak in real time not wait a year, and come on the air.."and oh by the way if you buy my book." $$$ Pink Floyd Song.', 'The whole World should be grateful to Gen Mark Milley for taking those precautions, as it is not only America which will face certain damage and destruction. Imagine a narcisstic and fascist lunatic with all the super power weapons and military prowress at his disposal, at his most loony moments....', 'I WANT THE COUP TO SUCCEED', 'I wouldn\'t call it "stunning" at this point', 'They do that for everyone it’s sop for the military', 'The US has bad generals, I guess.', 'Milley is right in a way, this will never happen in this country yet.  Many people would like to see a man like this, only even more convincing , better prepared and smarter and the military more compliant.', 'Good.\n\nWe want to know those individuals by name.', 'Not all of the grown ups failed to live up to their values.', "This story is only to take the tally even further. Just wait for what's in store for this failure of man kind. Gods no longer the center. Millions don't believe and millions do. The spanking of our lives is coming. I do believe all the blues will be blind sided and shocked beyond reality for what's to come.", 'GOD BLESS GENERAL MILLEY', "So why can't they all be subpoenaed to say what they knew and when⁉️⁉️⁉️....and then throw orangeman and children in jail dungeons...this should not be left for a long drawn out case", "I know I'm a bit hard of hearing and was wondering if anyone else finds the volume of this video low?", 'Everyone with half a brain sees this for what it is. It’s playing out in real time on the air literally for all the world to see.', 'He has to be held accountable to prevent future leaders from attempting the same actions.', "It's amazing that you still think people believe you.", 'Proud to say I served under GEN Milley (then Col.).', 'The military industrial complex is telling corporate news media they had a plan for the president, oh thank goodness.', 'If Pompeo ever thought this administration would be a step closer to him getting in the White House shows his poor judgment. He’ll (hopefully) never go anywhere. He is a traitor!', "As upsetting and disappointing as it is to watch a self-serving old man gaslight the nation and deflect blame, I have other things to do. I have an Underground Railroad history project to publish, lotta pressure since they're my great grandparents. Enjoy the soap opera, everyone. Classic example of the haves and have-nots.", '🤮', '😂😂😂😂😂😂', '"This is TNN" (Trump News Network)!!🤦🏿\u200d♂️', 'All of this evidence of his treasonous activities and still his base is stuck on stupid', 'wtf are you doing over there in US ??? amazing HAHA', "That's kind of a lame coup for a 5D chess player wouldn't you say.. As If Trump wouldn't know the consequences.\nNo this is definitely the strategy of a career politician to make it look like Trump. I would say a career politician who's losing their mind like Nancy Pelosi for example.🙄", "Thank God they're bound by their oath to the Constitution...if it weren't for that, a few years of Trump as dictator, would've turned America into a third world country!  Scary.", "So you're saying general planned a coup", 'The Armed Forces directive is "TO DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION AND THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES"...', 'So where were they when they knew all this?', 'Trumps were all in one place many times, but no drone strike, no cruise missiles, not even a sniper? WTF?', 'Are they telling exerts of this book over on Fox?', "Pompeo has 'denied' the account because he has been floating the idea of running for president in 2024, and he fears the tr*mp base.", '"While we\'re all staring at the end of the world\nWill everybody have their hands on their head while they say\nWell, I told you so."', "# 45 pinnochios had many fooled ! He's to insultive to ppl for me . Brags to much too ! Thank you ?", "Doesn't that book prove a coup conspiracy?  Generals planning to stop a sitting president is a coup, a la Myanmar.", 'D D D D DUMPSTERFIREEEE 🗑️ 🔥', '59 of 96 phones assigned to Mueller probe missing; GOP senators demand answers from DOJ', 'If you or I attempted any of this bull pucks we would be rotting in jail for treason, thing are not equal for all at all.', 'Thats funny, I dont know how you folks think up all these funny stories, please dont stop I enjoy reading them', 'What does CNN stand for ?', 'General Milley!  🇺🇸', 'Sadly,CNN has lost lots of viewers,any explanation ?', 'Is there any real proof?', 'I seriously doubt any of these men were shaken', 'The coup already took place.', 'Many blessings to everyone and your family/ friends around the world and our America. May there be Peace .', "I can't believe CNN has viewers yet", 'Greetings from Poland to USA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8uV3O8mr_U', 'I highly recommend reporting the facts and nothing but the facts.  The way news should be.  If I wanted to know how people feel, I would turn the channel to Lifetime Network.', 'LOCK ALL OF THEM UP', 'Treason.  Why is this guy still free and holding rallies?  Unbelievable.   Yes freedom is good but this is just reckless.', 'Support Legislation in the United States to BAN COURT ORDERED RAPE!', 'Male inadequacy? Very real.', 'Hahaha you mean the fadulent election', 'What a crock of nonsense.', 'At this same time, the previous Secretaries of Defense signed a joint letter warning the same thing.', 'And then they all clapped too. Lol', 'United staters are crazy!! 😱😱😱', 'They are trying to sell a make believe book and who best to promote it.\nSame people who tried to sell a fake Dossier.\n\nWhy your network is tanking.', 'Wasnt Jan 6 a coup attempt?', 'Wow how close we came gets worse everyday. But only 55% of the country will hear this and believe this.', 'Yawn!', 'CNN still talking about trump hahaha where’s ur Biden, need more views? Hahahhaa', 'The federal institutions such as law enforcement, justice and military all appear to have acted just enough to protect democracy, the constitution and the rule of law.\n\nBut far right senators and governors immediately set about dismantling voting rights across all governed states.\n\nRestricting absentee and mail in ballots\n\nRedrawing county voting districts in their favour \n\nRemoving polling stations in districts with high POC counts\n\nPreventing long lines or providing refreshments in voting lines', 'What a load of BS.', 'This is why the FBI needs to be investigated after ignoring multiple whistleblowers.', 'You voted for Biden! Enjoy your choice', 'Was part of that plan to not place the national guard in DC, have police spread out in DC instead of where the large mass of protesters were located, and to open the doors for people trying to get into the capital?', 'What about Vanilli?', 'Watching them squeeze the orange out of Trump would have been great viewing', 'in some cases, patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel', 'Coup?! Really still pushing this agenda.', 'THE...DEEP...STATE', 'sleepy joe is still sleepy', "Like Lyndon Johnson once said I'm tired of hearing about this coup s***", "When there are no more enemies to fight in the world the warriors turn on eachother. It's still a very dangerous time  in American democracy. You can't put the genie back in the bottle.", 'I salute you sir for walking away from the buffoons request..🇮🇹🇲🇽🇨🇦🇨🇵🇺🇸🇬🇧.RVN  1970 LONGBEIN...', 'Comedy at it’s best', 'Stay out of the sun!!', 'Yeah, still he has not been prosecuted, still!😡', 'thank god we did have good guys in the background.', 'Do u mean when the proof of massive fraund comes out of Arizona we already know CNN', 'How about we find a way to get that biden out of the white house 🤷\u200d♀️', 'HEIL BIDEN 🤚!', 'More garbage from lackey anderson. lol', 'There are instances where those in power do not relinquish power and no one does anything', "It's good to know that the generals were aware of what Trump was capable of and that they were ready to defend the constitution, not one man.", "Why don't you report on the maricopa audit hearing from today?", 'I thought our country was we the people!!', 'Does anyone wonder why one group was fully against a in depth investigation into the jan 6th insurrection?', 'Sounds like a bunch of bologny to me. If they were ready to lock the city from these nazis, Jan 6th insurrection would had never happened. So dont try to be the good guy now after Jan 6th was never stopped.', 'Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'LOOK ITS XI JING MILLEY!!', 'Operative Cooper tells us the unbiased truth.', 'Pompeo denies what Milley said happened, a proven man of honor versus a politician who kisses orange butt. No competition on who to believe.', 'About CNN  — “ ...it’s never true anymore. You can always count on lies”', 'Glag we all agree there was no coup.', 'Gen. Mark Milley looks a lot like George C. Scott as General Buck Turgidson in Dr. Strangelove. That was also about government and military going whack a doodle.', 'The more I hear, the more sick I get', "I'm pretty sure the Nazis used a shit ton of propaganda to attack anyone who disagreed with them.", "Thank God we don't have BUMP supporters top generals in U S services", 'If only Anonymous or some other hackers would force these truths upon the right-wing media world, since voluntarily, they will not even report it.', 'Fighting with Trump or fighting with Xi??', 'Thank goodness we have real patriots not fake ones', "It's like the book Seven Days in May only this time the military guy is the hero", "Why aren't state voter regulation cards a accepted?  You sign them compare signatures.   That should be all you need.   \nIf you don't trust your state add the expense of photos.", '50 years from  now objective history books will state that trump a defeated former president, rabble roused his followers to storm the u.s.capitol. sad!!!', 'Greetings from Poland to USA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17w9yrcMI6c', 'wish people would stop thinking racism is patriotism', '"That f****** guy Jim Jordan" - Liz Cheney lol', 'This guy is SICK!!', 'And Putin was sending Russian troops to help.', "Well why didn't they stop the insurrection  then if they knew what was happening  , a couple of police officers would of been alive now and hundreds wouldn't have been injured .", 'Lmao riiiiight. The Fiction Network.', '\u200b @My Name  i am not American. \nbut i hope the best for America. \nVOTE..no matter how hard they try to stop you, or what they throw in your way. \nVOTE!!!!!!!!!!!!', "Didn't figure I'd Biden doing it", 'IVEY 2024', 'Looks like CNNs ratings is going way down along with the likes.🤔 \n\nAnd last I recall the troops refused to stand for Biden during the sworn in but they all did when Trump was leaving.', 'So, given that they knew all this, why weren’t they prepared Jan 6?', 'we need to rid rhe new nazi republican party all tobether,from politics…but you have to ask the trd cruse jim Jordan team first', 'The zion circus .', 'All Republicans needs to be purnished in 2022 mid term election.the party needs to be a minority for as t least,30 years to save the party from the Nazis', 'To put all these people close to the Nazis is clearly going too far', "They can do it without the CIA....they can do it without the FBI. Guns aren't hard to get", 'Nice the military a political view on the us that is wrong in every single way possible.  God save us from these unethical people that hates this country.', 'Blindly follow a Neo Nazi.', 'A new book....perhaps written by the person in charge of Bidens teleprompter....', 'When the 6th transpired, I told my wife that there is no way that the military would allow this to happen. I was right. THANK-YOU General Milly.', 'No that never happened. It would be against the law. And also no in case, there was a coup. Scotus, DOJ and 1/2 of the GOP in with the left.', '“Uphold and defend the constitution”to these generals means protect your way of selling and buying kids and honey potting politicians to keep blackmailing for secret society’s.', 'God bless America', 'The phrase “patriot” has been bastardized by crazy people!', 'This would have been a shit show. Cause its making a military decision that your boss the president is actually an enemy.. i would suppose you would need a majority of the chiefs of staff to agree.', 'Of course it’s CNN', 'Your right it is stunning that generals will plot against their commander in chief and not follow orders. If they want a carreer in politics they should retire and run their own campaign. Only. Now focus on Georgia and Arizona audit. Where is the DOJ?', 'More lies', 'I don’t know how you guys can sit and lie like you do what a joke \nI watched the court case may God deal with you', 'A general on a supposed coup attempt, "You can\'t do this without the cia." Saying the quiet part out loud.', "Please Excuse Our Appearance While We're Under Destruction", 'Ironically, if Trump had used the Insurrection Act of 1807 to quell the insurrection on 6 Jan 2021, he would be calling the insurrectionists rebels breaking US laws. Had he used the Act, the generals would have had the authority to round up the rebels/traitors. There is no requirement to keep the sitting President in power, only to stop the lawlessness.', 'CIA AND the FBI are the bad guys.', 'Coming from the country where Nazis established their terror regime with the consent of the majority of the people I am quite thankful that Gen. Milley recognized the historical prarallel. But I am irritated why he did not take action on Jan., 6th.', "The more I learn about the general the more I respect him. There haven't been many officers that I liked in my time but he is one of them. Would've loved to serve in one of his units", 'CNN trying hard to boost their ratings since they are in the gutter.', 'Ruint a lot of good words!', 'My word is good enough.', 'I never doubted that general Milley is an outstanding officer and a true patriot. There was no chance of the coup with these guys holding the offices of the Joint chiefs. But I sometimes wonder how would our country look like today if by some chance General Mike Flynn ended up as a CJCS. Would he make the move? I doubt he would get any support from the other service chiefs..', 'the books prob a load of bollocks', 'If the GOP don’t do a proper investigation into the 6th , the Capital police should sue them in court that would force full disclosure', 'That guy should be Leavenworth for insubordination', 'VOTE BLUE IN 22\n- or face autocracy', 'A flurry of new, tell-all books is about to be released very soon. As sensitive as Trump is, it will crush him. Expect more bizarre behavior from the Big Orange Cheeto man soon.', 'I’m more surprised so many people didn’t see these chickens coming home to roost for a while. 45 was saying things and getting people riled up with hatred and bigotry. Good luck trying to make that stick with the general population.', '🇺🇸General Milley your intuition is 100%. That is interesting and prophetic you would say "the gospel of the fuhrer" when in the #Beast666 presence. Liz Cheney slaps Jordan\'s hand and says get away from me you f****** did this during the insurrection. Wow. Anyone associated with the beast is going to go where the #beast666 is going. Someone may want to inform Jim Jordan 🔥', 'Commander in Chief', 'Whoa. Child-Milley has glue stuck to his upper lip from his Hitler mustache-play each morning before coffee.', "Not only should I'd be required to vote how about an iq test to prove you have a clue.", 'CNN no longer has any credibility', 'Proof of 2029 election fraud is coming on fox news today', 'But the interesting question is, even with officers like Gen. Milley on the right side, what would have happened if some soldiers, encouraged by extremist right wing political leaders, joined the rebels.', 'Whatever...they put up with it all for 4 years...so F your, "we tried to do the right thing BS"', 'GFY!', 'CNN needs to keep talking about the former guy to keep people biased', 'God Bless America!!!!!!?', '...am so quiet on a lot of issues - but I gotta say am Proud of My General.', "Your CC is always out of sync. Why can't CNN get it right?", "Y'all stole the election we all know it The fix was in you got away with it.", 'BS they watched this insurrection and did nothing, the rimg did not occur.', 'Funny how this comes up when he’s been popping out more', 'Queen DonCon thoguht he was a king, lol.', 'This is nothing …. Just wait til we find out he (T****)…sold us to SAUDI ARABIA !! 😅', 'Your people’s fear amazes me…every officer swears an oath to the constitution and to obey the directives of the office of the presidency…look it up!', "This cnn headline is remarkable. We're actually living under a BIDEN COUP right now!", 'My question after hearing this. Why is tRump still breathing? Why is tRump even allowed to have rallies and run again for president?', "The spin is just so appalling. The rioters were his actual troops, serving under him in the same zones. They're extremists because they never received real leadership in the military. People aren't born evil, that's madness. These guys, after being paper pushers in high ranks, are all too happy to blame them(as inherently evil which isn't a thing in psychology) instead of taking responsibility. People are emotional though, they live in worlds of good and bad, magic and mysticism. When you're the boss, it's easy to prey on stupidity.", 'What happened with Michael Avenatti?', "The one trillion? Have it prepared for me. We'll call it meeting me half way.", 'Book. Ordered.', 'Better hold on to those plans, Generals.', 'This came from the article on Yahoo News regarding the excerpt from the new book. This is all supposition made to look like Milley actually did something or actually had any indication there would be a coup attempt. \n\n"The declarations came after Milley had spoken with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and other Democrats, who had sought assurances the military would not intervene should Trump call for unconstitutional orders to interfere with the election or attempt a coup."\n\nIf you\'re speaking with Nancy Pelosi about protecting the US from a fake Trump coup, You ARE the PROBLEM! File this piece of CNN trash under Stupid Fake Theories to sell a BOOK!', 'FREE Bidens prisoners from Jan 6th. Unconstitutional Imprisonment by dictator JOE', 'They are all unbalanced and making stuff up as they go. Get excited.', "Y'all know I can't read", 'Didn’t tRump claim that he had the support of the guys with the guns?   The police and militias?  Guess he didn’t have the support of the ones that counted.', 'Believing anything this so called news network says is like believing in the Jenny in the bottle.', 'Milley the clown 🤡🤡🤡', "These people didn't lift a finger to protect against the insurrection, now this is believable,  pathetic story again", '... Past Time to Re-Introduce CIVICS to American Classrooms.', 'THIS is what an American general SHOULD do!', 'Lol. What coup? Yall conspiracy theorists 😂😂😂', 'American Fascism is here. \nWe are still in trouble!', 'We all know a lot of people had plans to stop trump were living in one of those fake plans', 'How many military personnel have taken the vaccine', 'Biden is president now…..nothing good to report on???', 'Lies and more lies !! Cooper you really are a bad reporter !!! Please go away !!!', 'Should ve stopped the Taliban, but incompetent', 'Rumors and BS by a War Monger.  Military Generals love war because it pays very well in retirement.', 'My advice is bazookas.', 'TOTAL LIES  !!!!!!', 'Top generals were not planning a damn thing. NOT SHYTE. Just like  those traitors  were stopped.on January 6th right...', 'Well I got my dose of fiction for the day.', "Good to know that the US military values democracy. it's not this way in MOST of the World's countries, the military is usually the culprits in taking power from the people.", 'Conservatism is dead. Now we need to start treating it like it’s dead. Get rid of it.', 'Heh heh heh \n\nMore lies........', 'Shocker.', 'We’re not letting those Nazis in.', 'ONE MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL GAME\naverage time is 3hr, 4 mim.    \nIt took longer for the National Guard to arrive and help the Capitol Police than it takes a baseball game to last all 9 innings.', 'Syria, Iraq, Vietnam, and dozens of other countries were blasted to waste, blood flowed into rivers, and famines.  Countless civilians have lost their homes, children are hungry, and big countries are stealing oil and wheat and other food every day. These evil acts are shameful!  !  There must be retribution', "The 'coup d'etat' had already occurred on Nov. 3rd. 2020.", 'Will he be right?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUQQXeCz6iU', 'More propaganda talk from CNN', "Spot on ! Hitler's brown shirts, Night of the long knives, execution of traitors etc.", "What should energize every potential Democrat and independent to vote out Republicans who are willing to ignore every single person reporting on the inside operations of the Trump white house is:\nAlmost 8k people watched a cnn just to dislike it.  That's a stunning number.", 'Where was all this talk in January? What a joke of a country.', 'Ha ha ha ha was that scoop revealed by Jeffrey Toobin? Avenatti? Cohen? Hilarious CNN the most laughed at commentary in news....ha ha ha', 'Authors from WaPo huh. Is that the same washington post that print lies daily ?\n\nHey its one shill promoting another, who woulda guessed..', 'Cheney should take GYM Jordan bird hunting', 'Trump will win again in 2024.  It’s been proven that voter fraud was rampant.  The rate the economy is going and gas is now up to$3.00,  this administration isn’t winning.', 'No shit Pompeo deny it. He is so corrupt its unreal.', 'This explains why right after Jan 6th, military members had to take their Oaths to the constitution again.  This is sick.', 'Because this is more important than what is going on in Cuba. Good Job Cooper!!', 'Thank God for our military leaders. They really held it down during trumps year.', 'All BS', 'New book... Exactly, god you guys must really miss your president... Do you get sad when you have nothing to write about? Biden must keep you busy... Oh right, who am I kidding!', 'After hearing General Milley, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during a back and forth with that sexual misfit Matt Gaetz, I knew that I liked the General...\n\nNow that I’m hearing this story, I truly think the General is the truest of US Patriots, and I have nothing but big respect for this Soldier...', 'Cnn till me your news lies all the time', 'Would just resigning really stop trump??? Trump would just appoint another general who would do his bidding, right?', 'Lotta dislikes makes me happy', 'Can nobody in this country can go up against the military they have to many weapons.', "Okay now will those republican who say they stand by the constitution do what's right? This man called it what it was and when we watch the republican try to cover this up it should make all of us won't justice. For the senator who took part in the  attempt too over though the American election should be stripped of they're seat and jailed.", 'They need to stop Biden-Harris!!!!', 'Journalists writing books.', 'Jordan and all the other congresspersons and Senators that voted to overturn the election should be ousted from congress, PERIOD. They are traitors. They committed Treason, period. Off with their heads, the king would have said.', "I'm glad it wasn't Michael Flynn making that call. Republicans won't make the mistake of having a disloyal chairman of the joint Chiefs next time.", 'we are living through the wages of appeasement.', '6:23..its the fonz', 'CNN tells the OPPOSITE of the truth 99.999% of the time.  Evil', 'What a load of crap if you believe  this you will believe anything this is all about tv ratings nothing more nothing less', 'You still banging on about Trump lol', 'He needs to say this under oath, they all do. THIS is why we need to start with a January 6th commission and expand it. Trump sat and watched January 6th, waiting for others to join in. It was only hours after he knew that he had failed that he told them to go home.', 'still trump?', '"I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice.". hmmm.  i think that general forgot his oath.', 'Sooooo treason?', 'Orange Outfit is coming And your silver bracelets', "He's not top general now !... Was arrested !", 'Coup? Who was involved in the coup?', "Don't look so smug your day is coming what goes around comes around.", 'cnn smh', "Miley's statement wasn't stunning, it was reassuring!", 'What does Milleys comment about Nazis have to do with trump?', '*Well... General Mark Millie is now my new hero! Thank you for your clear thinking sir!*', 'Gen Millie is a true American hero if this is true!', 'We are the guys with the guns.... you are insignificant voters, your vote means nothing...\nThe US is lost, or at least the curtain has fallen. The deep state runs the show, your president is nothing more than a distraction to placate you', 'There must be consequences for this incredible breach! Donald Trump, the Nazis, white supremacist groups, the Republican Party, fox news must be held accountable for the actions which lead to this sad and dangerous time in American history!!  Americans should remember that Gen. Milley had our back, and all the Republican members of Congress which enabled Jan 6th to occur!!', 'OH! MY DEAR', 'He could fix it. And he will fix it. We LOVE LIVE AND LOOK UP TO 💕😘 TRUMP 💕😘', 'The Democrates mmm nazi.... The Military should never be involved in a coupe.,,', 'That pair of fool and clowns', 'When your top generals are worried about you starting a coup, you are not doing your ducking job right', 'It is so scary', "Lol.... \nY'all better watch out for Sleepy dementiated Biden instead of trying so hard to make Trump look bad..😂😂😅", 'Lies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'Criminal liars.', 'glad someone was keeping an eye on him', 'Don’t believe anything cnn says', 'They are guys that have tanks! All guns are running around can’t stand against tanks, airplanes. The right is just little boys playing nazis.', 'So you’re saying a top general was conspiring to overthrow the duly elected president of the United States, well that officer needs to be kicked out of his job immediately', 'Trump always wanted power', 'The Simpsons tried to tell us smh.', 'Want truth about the 6th. Steve wilcos.', '7.6K sdilikes. #WeThePeople', 'Lmao paid off with a Book deal.\nBetter than Hunters Paintings for Access.', "I'm gonna say something profound ...but nah. I'll just leave this comment", 'Trump could have arrested them Easy.', 'With audits going on , looks like Trump might have actually won guys. I know that’s not what you want to hear cause you guys are soft people.', 'Nobody trusts CNN', 'Insurrectionists.', "I wrote pre January 6th that something was gonna happen , and Mark my words this raving lunatic and followers haven't finished yet!", 'It pitty trump did do it  god sve usa', 'CNN- carnival network news- so funny', 'make America great again .. yea trump surely succeed in that area smh', 'What an absolute bunch of crap!!!', 'Who else goes to newest comments first. \nCNN always puts the propaganda posts under top rated. When you go to newest comments, you read the real comments', "General Milly's story is like a plot for a 90's Hollywood Action Movie", 'Conjured', "I truly want to believe that the military has our back, however it makes me wonder why the Capitol wasn't defended on Jan 6. And why was 9/11 was allowed to happen?", "I'm pretty sure they still have the ultimate solution for the con that is Don ready..", 'But at the time when the Reichstag was in flames, Hitler had already settled into power. And the military was absolutely loyal to him. Apart from this, the Recihstags fire was laid by the Nazis themselves in order to introduce their empowerment law.', 'I think Anderson likes the lies', 'Phew, we missed a bullet, but will we be so lucky next time...that is what scares me.', 'General miley says trump play was hitlers !! Anyone remember trumps ex wife Ivana telling that he kept hitlers book by his bed ??? Was not a lie', 'Pray trumps not in office again..he\'ll be looking for revenge at another level "never seen before"', 'Cnn still lying a lot i see all the way from southafrica', "Book made in name of propaganda? they know alredy what someone will do, they are mediums?  i think it's better the general use his energy and time to solve the problem you have with escalation of violence in Democratic Country", 'So WHY has trump not been arrested for TREASON????????????', 'this is pathetic', 'this is pathetic', 'Vote  blue  2022and  2024  and  let us  vote  like  OUR lifes Depends on  it \nBecause  it really  does.', 'CNN always gets 500k + views when the video about Trump. Should change name to Trump News Network\nTNN', 'You all realize this goes for all presidents..', 'They should defend us from politicians. That was the purpose of the Constitution.', 'Anyone else think Americans have forgotten how to be adults?', 'Hello commies.👿👿👿', 'General  no straight FACE', "Uh. Isn't this a little bit too paranoid? Bc that's what it sounds like. I know trump went ballistic when he didn't win and made a bunch of phone calls telling he needed more votes. \nBut him planning a coup? Not even he's stupid enough to try a stunt like that. Yeah... This is paranoia", "I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.", "Why?  Because they can't keep robbing us during a peaceful america.", 'I’m curious to watch a godless station like CNN do a program on Jerusalem.', '😂🤣😂🌅😂😆🤣😆😆🤣🤣', 'You will go down', 'This explains why the GOP are against an investigation to find out why and who were involved. It’s all in-house.', 'At this time July 19th 2021 at 12:37 PM PDT, the likes and dislikes are 16k likes and 8k dislikes. What does that tell you?', 'What a lier', 'I have been playing the lottery since i was 19 years and now i am 47 meaning i have been playing the lottery for 28 years. Now i have won', 'BS', 'This is not a surprise we all read the open letter from the military leaders to state that they will support a peaceful transition of administration. This was a clear message and led us to assume that those heated debates and preparations were going on behind the scenes.', 'Stay alert and alive and stay alive and alert'], ['Never has a man worked so hard to cement his own failure.', '“Why does he do this?”\nMaryanne Trump Barry: “He has no principles, none, none.”', 'You know for a very stable genius that knows more about anything than anyone he never seems to know anything.', '"They\'re going after people because you didn\'t pay tax on the company car!" Uh, yeah, that\'s called tax evasion. You\'re supposed to pay taxes on employee benefits you receive, or the business you work for reports it as an expense. It depends on the category.\nIf he actually understood how adults actually work instead of pretending to be a boss in a money-laundering organization, maybe Donald would know that.', '“Nobody, and I mean nobody, knows self incrimination like I do’', "He practically admitted he's guilty.", 'Oh the irony! In 1992 Rudy Giuliani, then the crusading U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York jailed Leonie Helmsley for pretty much the same crimes.', 'is there anyone more than me who is tired of hearing and seeing him everywhere in the media ?', "As his niece stated, he's the only person she knows that can gaslight himself.", '"You act like I just go in people\'s houses and put my feet on their couch.... Yea, I remember puttin my feet on eddies couch..."   - Rick James...', 'We live in a society where "I didn\'t know that was illegal" is a perfectly acceptable argument for the rich, but the poor are told "ignorance of the law is no excuse."', 'He\'s taking his classic "yeah I do crimes, wha\'tcha gon do about it?" strategy.', 'Wonder what additional perks have been promised to Weiselberg in exchange for taking the fall for the Trump clan.', 'He\'s basically saying: "I\'ve not payed taxes all of my life. Do you really think I won\'t get away with it now?"', 'So he basically just said “taxes?? Who pays taxes?!?” Ugh…', 'Let him keep his rallies going. Keep his mouth flapping and let the evidence continue to flow', "I don't care if his company is charged, I want him charged.", '2:14 "Funneled..." ~~~ So sure it\'s legal, he felt no shame in saying they tried to hide it.', 'Tune in tomorrow for the surprising conclusion of “as the toupee turns”…. He doesn’t even realize wha he has done!!!', 'I thought Trump previously said “no one knows more about tax than me”.', 'I do recall the former guy saying no one knows taxes better than I do. 😂', 'His defense will be “I don’t know”!  Duh', '"Da Da Dump Dump. Another one under the bus!"\nFreddy Mercury', 'He admits it because he wants to normalize it. Please lock him up asap !', 'He hides his tax returns for years is enough proof to convict him of tax evasion', 'You can BARK as LOUD as YOU want don … it’s coming to YOU !!!', 'I like to see tax return information on some of our elected officials that have been in office for years. I think that would be a real news story.', 'Love how he THINKS he\'s getting one up on us by "bragging" his wrong doings, but he\'s put his foot in his mouth!\nTrump:"We can\'t have corruption -unless it\'s me & my organization."\nBye bye Donnie 👋', 'Brianna your one of the best, always spot on.and substantiate your opinions and views.', 'WOW 😳 “They sit back and they completely refuse to release the name of their own police officer that was involved in a shooting of an unarmed woman,” said Ashli Babbitt’s husband, Aaron.', "He has the RIGHT to remain silent, he just doesn't have the ABILITY...", 'Just remember that he let over 500000 people die from c19 because of his incompetence and leadership,he should be ashamed of himself but he’s not because he doesn’t care about the people of the US ,what a loser booooo 👀🤪💩', '"Does anybody even know this stuff?"  Yes.  Lots of people know this.', 'Can you say unsolicited confession? 🤣🤣🤣', 'Unfortunately tax fraud crimes generally require proving “willful intent” which is a high standard.  It requires proving you knew it was wrong, but did it anyway.  Weaselburg will not be able to defeat this standard because he kept a double set of books, demonstrating he knew it was wrong.  You and I know Trump knew about the second set of books, but without Weaselburgs testimony or other evidence of Trumps knowledge it is difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.', 'Look at him sweat as he tries to set up the justification to his flock 😂🤣😂🤣😂', "Thanks for voting for me everyone I really hope you're all enjoying the new gas prices and inflation. If you need any more $$$ or foodstamps to feed your families I got your back! Also, if you don't vote for me then you ain't black!", "he's sweating. Literally and metaphorically", "Temp does it in the open. That's makes it right.", 'at your work site, if the company pays for the apartment, this is a benefit.\nand you do need to file that in your personal tax statements.\notherwise, you do have to pay rent out of your own pocket, everyone does that.\nalways you negotiate a higher pay', 'Just get him to keep talking and he will eventually dig his own grave', 'I don’t think he knows what he’s going to say until his face starts making noise.  He’s a member of his own audience, along for the ride like everyone else.', 'I feel embarrassed for him every time that he opens his mouth.\nHe actually believes the divel that he emits.\nCan you believe the bloke???\nJust saying.', "He's asking these questions.  I thought he was the tax GENIUS!!", 'Honestly Donald, give it a rest, we know you lost!', 'He’s drawing an analogy to average people failing to report a minor perk vs his company’s long standing fraud of hiding payments in perks. There is no real comparison.', 'Former Guy will say that when it comes to his family gifting apartments and education expenses is just private, when the family employment makes it not a private gift.', 'He sounds like the lonely drunk guy at the end of the bar', "In effect, for the past 30 years, starting with R. Limbaugh, tens of millions of people have been brainwashed.  Hour after hour, Carlson after Ingraham after Hannity after O'Reilly, OAN after Newsmax after Fox after Rush and others, year after year, decade after decade, over and over and over, the same hateful propaganda.", 'Remember "Russia, if you\'re listening...?" He has done this all along so he can say \'that was just rhetorical.\'', 'Trump-"I can\'t release my taxes because I\'m being audited."\n\nSDNY-"We have your taxes and it shows you\'re a liar, a fraud and a cheat."', 'Lol gotta love the editing out of context clips so they can create spin for their lies and then they wonder why hardly anyone watches CNN', "He knows. He's just preparing the story for his disciples.", 'The crowd was pretty quiet when he was speaking about taxes.  Even his supporters knew it was a crime.', 'They allow him to go on TV and make a fool out of hisself every day . He can’t shut up', '“If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, argue the facts. If both the facts and the law are against you, scream witch-hunt.”', 'Well that saved the lawyers alot of work 🤣\n\nNormalizing tax fraud is admitting guilt, both the deed and criminal intent.', 'Thank you Trump for admitting what you did, you laid it out perfectly. It is time for this cat with nine lives to go away. He has gotten away with corruption all of his life, so now he think he is u touchable. What goes up, must come down. The bigger they are the harder they fall. See you on. The way down Trump. God works. God works in mysterious ways!', 'His behavior is the definition of narcissism...', "Does anybody know, he knows very well it's illegal not to pay your tax.", '“I did not rob that bank your honor. I just pointed a gun at them and said “put the money in the bag” and they generously gave me that money”', 'The lies you guys put out and I love how you bump up your view numbers😄', "Does anyone know how that stuff works? Yeah! The IRS knows and they're coming!", 'I thought he knew like Everything was about taxes. Also he had drool on his chin. He is so gross', 'It’s good to see. Joe Rogan gets more views than CNN', '"we support the country?"   So we don\'t pay our taxes to support our country.   Now that\'s really Repugnantcan logic.', "The look on Bill Barr's face....PRICELESS!  You can almost read his thoughts.", '"Appears to admit" doesn\'t mean he admitted anything', '4:40 She explains through covert wording that there will not be a fair jury selection for the determination of outcome. This is illegal. Not being biased or pro trump, I am just stating legal fact.', "He'll come out on top. Like he did with Stormy Daniels, allegedly.", 'He\'ll take a "cognitive" test but not a lie-detector test.', 'News flash: taxes pay for government incentives.', 'Thank God Trump wasn’t a U.S. military soldier, he feeds the/his enemy ammunition💩, as the Org ship sinks, it’ll be every man for himself🙈😂.', 'Well, I guess that crowd knows all about corruption.', "Anything you say can & will be used against you in a court of law & I love it. Give him more air time & both of his sons as well. You give them more air time and CFO won't need to flip. 🤣", "It's almost like he's projecting his corruption onto everybody else", 'Wasn’t it Ron White that first  said “ I had the Right to remain silent, but i didn’t have the ability..”?', 'He seems to think the IRS cares about public relations ... Tax evasion is tax evasion to them ... no matter how you feel you should be treated', "Like how they go after hardworking people who didn't pay taxes on other forms of income...", 'He’s playing for jury nullification…', 'I’m guessing the jury won’t look to kindly to a rich guy who cheats on his taxes for 16 years.', 'It really amazes me that this fraudster is still given any credence. How is it that so many people don’t recognise he is deficient? I am clueless!!', "The AG love's 45 and his son's when they talk on TV. They are smiling ear to ear.🤣😂🤓🤔the day 45 goes to court the lawyer will tell the jury the next two days we will see 45 on TV talking, then ,at the end they will rest there Case.🤣😂🤓😜", '"Alan is like-a the greatest person in the world. I really think so. We love Alan. Trump took good care of him. But I hear he might want to go another way. Then I may not like him as much"\n\n"I wish him well" \n\n- Donald Trump. Sometime in the next few months.', 'trump administration: "WE DID THE THINGS WE\'RE ACCUSED OF! so what?"  the law: "well...i guess we can let it go"', '“Does anybody even know this stuff?”  Yea, the prosecutors know this stuff 😂', "And they're all still FREE MEN.  Justice is yet another weapon of the rich to discharge their power.", 'Hell my company informs us that gift cards they may give out for a thank you will be taxed and it is considered income.  The cards are at most for $50, and Trump wants to say that $100,000+ for education, cars, and apartments is normal????  Not for a honest company obeying the laws.', 'The only people I know who want to make sure you paid your taxes are republicans.  I wonder if trump knows the crowd.', 'Going after good hard working people dodging taxes on nearly two million dollars in income. Fringe benefits are income according to our current tax laws. Isn’t the GOP the Law & Order Party?', 'An absolute narcissist: “How can anything I do violate the law? I AM THE LAW! I AM THE ABSOLUTE!”', '😂😂😂very smart people with one of the smartest people!!', "Ok great . He did'nt know. Oh well .Now he does . Throw the book at him. I see this as the same game play he plays.", "He's thinking he's going to be sitting in The Whitehouse again in a month so he has no worries.", 'Wow, knew he wasn’t the brightest but this is a new level of intelligence or lack there of.', 'As the retired CEO of a marketing agency I ran for 25 years I can explain the tax ramifications of Lodging, transportation, meals and education very simply:  \n- LODGING: When you are performing a job that requires you stay in a hotel room, you do not have to report the cost of that room as a benefit.  The employee does not report it as a benefit, and the company paying for it claims that as an expense of the project - not as a wage benefit to the employee.  When you get your home or your apartment where you live paid for, that is income and the recipient must report the value to the IRS and pay taxes on that same as a paycheck.  The company must report the cost of that home or apartment as wages and pay payroll tax on it.  \n- TRANSPORTATION:  When you drive a car 100% for business (but NOT for commuting to and from your home to a regular job location), the company can pay for that car and gas, and that is NOT a wage benefit. If a car is used for partly business and partly personal, the portion that is personal is considered a benefit or wage, and both the company paying for it and the recipient must report it.   \n- MEALS:  Meals consumed "on the road" (away from the home region where job site and your home are located) are 50% deductible.   (The IRS determines that you DO have to eat on the road, and it costs more than it would if you were at home in your own kitchen).   Meals consumed down the block from the office you work in are NOT deductible, unless you had a client at that meal AND you document what business was discussed.  \n- EDUCATION:  if an employer pays for you to attend classes that directly relate to the job you perform and are required to keep you current in your skills to perform your job (like a Quickbooks class) then you do not have to report that as a wage benefit.  If your employer pays for your grandchildren to go to a private school, you just received a wage benefit and you have to report it as such... and the company has to pay payroll taxes on the amount.', "Con man just told his supporters that he played them.\nAnd they still don't get it.\nThe End.", 'This is a former President, behaving like this.  \n\n"Ay, so I paid for my employee\'s apartment and his kid\'s school and took it as a tax write-off so I could pay less taxes; WHAT\'S THE BIG DEAL??"', 'As he admits he is a thief his maga mob looks left and right in silence as they realize they have been fleeced.', '❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ ROLL THE TAPE IS JUST TOO MUCH 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 THANKS  ❤️🙏', 'Eric Trump admitted to the charges during an interview.', "If average Joe does some tax evasion it is a crime. If the twice impeached does it, it's just smart business.", 'Trump performs as a virtuoso the work "Lie in the Key of Dumb"', "What an absolute dunce. I had to rub my eyes to make sure I wasn't watching an SNL skit", "It's amazing he's not wearing an ankle bracelet yet.", 'Everyone in the crowed like "can\'t relate, we have to pay taxes".', '"I understand the tax laws better than almost anyone, which is why I\'m the one who can truly fix them." - Drumpf and Weisselberg\'s interpretation of the word "fix" appears to be different to most.', '"They go after hard-working people for not paying their taxes!"  Yes, you\'ve got that right.  Pay your taxes or go to jail.', 'I though he was a genius about taxes!!', '"The complaint charges that in 2017, out of a total of $7.7 million in donations from China, $500,000 came from anonymous donors. After Biden launched his campaign in 2018, the total jumped to $27.1 million, with anonymous donors giving $15.8 million. And in 2019, Chinese donors gave $26.9 million to the center, $6 million anonymously." And 10% to the big guy.', 'Trump: Biden must go to prison.\nBiden: What makes Trump think I’ll visit him in prison?', '“ Death of a Salesman “', 'Even a fool is counted wise when he holds his peace;\r\nWhen he shuts his lips, he is considered perceptive. (Proverbs 17:28)\nThat says alot about Trump!', 'Politicians: Excused me Mr. God can we get in heaven?\nGod: Wait…………let call the DA they should know', "For someone who has constantly said, he's being audited so he can't reveal his taxes, then says, nobody knows about taxes, like I do and because his company, his CEO has been indicted, asks the audience, if they know if this is legal, DUH most of them don't drive corporate cars, send their grandkids to private schools or has anyone other then themselves, pay for an apartment.\nMaggie Haberman is a brilliant reporter and knows Donald's idiosyncrasies, backwards and forwards.", 'Remember when we thought George Bush was the most stupid president the US would ever have? 🙃', 'When that guy mentioned the DNC server, he neglected to mention the RNC server was hacked. too.', 'I actually forgot he existed for a minute.', 'He keeps doing it because he knows he can get away with it.', 'However his lawyers are now must be having a giant ahead, someone needs to remind trump of “ anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law”', 'He has to try to get in front of it because they already have him dead to rights on all these charges', 'Rich kids get elite schools with un-taxed money.  Public schools get under-funded.  Yup, business as usual.', 'I like how they just don\'t know so they say "appears". Good job gas lighting yet again with inept journalist. How can they not figure it out when myself an average American can ALSO google and youtube. They just keep turning a blind eye to the truth to push their left wing fascist hate speech propaganda.', 'One of his past attorneys explained to him why he can\'t take the stand or give a deposition saying, "The problem is that you are a liar."', '"Does he understand"? Five words, "Person, Woman, Man, Camera, T.V., Yes he understands very bigley.', "I love how he's playing dumb. Thats going be his defense.", 'Damn kielar that neck though 🤣🤣🤣🤣', 'Good, hard working people? More like mob boss con man that never worked a day in his life.', '“They want him to come back because they have nothing to talk about. They’re doing what they did the first time they did to get him elected by giving him all his free coverage while they act like they allegedly don’t like him. They’re f**ing treasonous un-American pieces of sh**!”\n-Bill Burr', 'Wow all these endless stories on Hunter Biden are amazing!! LOL.  HELLO BOTS', '“It’s not a crime when I do it,”', "Admitting to crimes is an interesting  angle to take.. it might minimize it's effect on his followers but it won't stand in the eyes of Justice.", 'Why does he do this? Classic. To get ahead of the storm.', "It's like he's saying, put me to jail now!", 'He who has himself for an attorney is a FOOL', 'When they don’t care any more about saying their crimes out loud that’s when you need worry.', "My company gives out cheap gifts with company logo on them from time to time. They also give a $25 gift card at Christmas. The card and gifts are listed on my w2 for taxes. I would be angry to hear that I'm taxed on plastic drink mugs but a company exec might be getting cars, apartments and tuition for grandkids without the company putting it on their w2.", 'Trump: "You\'re God damn right I ordered a Code Red".', "You wish I'd have been given an apartment because I lived far away from work.", 'He admits now because he knows, they have the information and this, in his mind is supposed to lessen their affect in criminality!!!', 'Stable genius is out of the barn.', 'He can’t afford “turkey neck” surgery...', "He was trained to lie..he doesn't know how to dig out of this hole😳", 'Haha.. his own dad raised him as a cheat.  He thrived around “yes men validating his code of ethics and moral values.  He thinks cheating is as virtuous as giving blood. And yes, 70 million people admire and wish they were like him…. Hence,  they can rationalize crime…', 'That lady on the right have a good look into her history with the Democrat party?????', 'he\'s going for the "i didn\'t realize it was a crime" routine so he can prove his "intent" was not to defraud the USA', 'Just get him to keep talking and he will eventually dig his own grave.', "If 45 thinks the laws are inconvenient, then they don't apply to him. He's probably been doing this for about 60 years.", 'Oh oh Trump’s family are in big Apple 🍎 of troubles!', 'I have to pay tax on my health insurance benefit. \nThese crooks need to be punished.', "I used a company car in my time here in Germany and had to pay tax on it. The formula was 1% of the gross sales price plus 0.03% per kilometer driven 'from and to work' was added to my taxable salary, tax calculated and then this amount was deducted again from the net salary. That´s the law", 'YES YOU SHOULD PAY YOUR TAXES TO THE CABAL AND ROTHCHILD FAMILY.', 'The Trump family has been breaking the law for so long that they are shocked to find out it was "wrong".  To them, breaking the law is like breathing.', 'After Trump rally’s you’ll find his supports can be found at wrastling events.', 'I pay taxes on my personal car, it’s a much less nice car too', '"You knew I was a snake"', 'Oh cmon everyone. “Company anything” has been allowed to steal from public since?', 'In other words..." I\'m  a white man, these laws aren\'t supposed  to apply to Me!"', 'Oh OK, so the bribe money went through proper channels,.....awesome.', "What can you expect from a crooked mind set?  Every thing he does, says are crooked. That's his NORMAL!", '"Why does he do it?" Wait...because nobody has held him accountable so far?', 'When Trump always says something. Pay attention, when he says" or not paying for your grandchildren education.  I think he really means it. He\'s really cheap. That man has hate in his heart.', 'Trump and company should be smart enough to know, when you find yourself in a hole, stop digging...but then again...', 'Thought he boasted in 2017 that he knows the most about taxes?', 'Yeah and he\'s playing IMMIGRANT DUMB" Who Me? King of the tax cheats.', 'I think this is also the start of him throwing Weisselberg under the bus… “Does anyone understand this stuff? Not me! It must’ve been that other guy…”', 'Keep running your mouth! You may end up eating those words. On top of that, you are not making your case look any better. When you poke the beast eventually it will wake up.', 'You have to pay tax on perquisites (perks.) Did the guy who "knows more about tax than anyone in the world" not know that?', 'If I was those people behind him I would ask him -How many "regular" employees get the company grandchild tuition or company apartment?  \nBtw, does he knows that asking poor people about the rich people problems is a very bad idea?', 'When will CNN take the same interest in the Biden family incomes and taxes? Never! Even though the chances of tax fraud are a million times bigger. Just go to show what corrupt media looks like.', 'When you have your own payroll company... they just let you do it.', 'When I was a "good, hard-working person", I had to pay tax on my company car, and when the company spontaneously gave its employees a Christmas hamper to enjoy with their families, I had to pay tax on that too.  We had a complimentary medical check once a year with a private medical company, and I had to pay tax on that as well.  But Donald Trump seems to think there are categories for which it is ridiculous to be asked to pay tax.  I guess those are the categories in which he and his close buddies didn\'t pay tax.  Obviously, if *_he_* didn\'t pay tax on something, then it would be absurd for the authorities to ask him to do so.  But the fact is that when he came to office, he refused to make his tax situation known to the nation, and even bragged that he was "smart" to avoid taxes.  It seemed to a lot of people that he had something to hide.', "I understand companies give perks but I've never heard of them being taxed. Maybe it's just a New York thing", 'Deminimus fringe benefits are getting a turkey at Thanksgiving, making a few personal copies for yourself on the company copy machine,  not the crimes the Donnie Dump crime family did.', '🤣 my goodness!! So his rally was to speak about his personal investigations but nothing to do with building and address the republican party...that just crazy so what benefit is he to the party ...', 'Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.', 'Please include closed captions so that the information is accessible to everyone', 'He said it many times didn’t pay taxes if I don’t pay my taxes I lose my home and at the end of the day I will find myself in prison for not paying taxes', 'This is the playbook.  "Yes, I broke the law.  Does it really matter?  It didn\'t hurt you, did it?"', "I just can't figure out how someone this stupid has come this far, for so long", 'dump:  "People who work really hard.."\n\nI laughed at THAT lie.', '16.Oceanology: barrier between two bodies of flowing water at meeting point (surah 55:verse19-20);(surah 27,verse61)', 'That strategy may work with politics and public relations, but not a court of law.  When he if / is found guilty, what can we expect from his cult?', 'I see hes still taking Melania to work', 'Yes We know the answer it’s taxable', '" Does anybody know the answer to that stuff?"\n\nYes, you pay your taxes like everybody else in America.', 'waiter i did not know i had to pay tax on my tips (from the UK)', 'All of these peoples are so corrupt instead of owning up to their lies and corruption they have to drag somebody else in there BS', 'He lied so many times, that no one can believe him, whatever he says now.', 'The Don is setting up a case for him not to get a fair trial in New York. Many of his statements won’t be admitted.', '"Does anybody even know the answer to that stuff?"\nThe IRS does Donnie boy.', 'I want to try it.', 'That\'s his M.O. 1st he lies, then when caught then he minimizes it. It\'s not a risk to him. He\'s never been held accountable. He thinks he can "shoot someone" on 5th Avenue and get away with it.', 'Everything is a company expense when your corrupt. As a business owner myself this makes me cringe', '5 years investigation….thats it….he may never be charge.  Really ……Wow. I think he is despicable but this is disturbing.', 'Mick Mulvaney: "We do that [insert illegal thing] all the time!" \nFBI: "Oh really? Go on..."', "it's right in the instructions for your tax return.  you pay taxes on benefits from your employer.  if you work at a restaurant, you look up what you owe if your employment contract gives you lunch.", 'LOCK HIM UP!', "Rescind the tax cuts to the super rich and corporations....there's the money for help to regular Americans!", 'When these journalist travel for their jobs, do they pay taxes.', 'Funny, whenever I received fringe benefits I had to pay the taxes on them.', 'He is so insane.  Lock him up.', 'Never kick a fresh turd on a hot day.', '"It\'s called flipping and it almost ought to be illegal," Trump said in the interview, adding he\'s witnessed similar scenarios over his decades in public life. "I know all about flipping, 30, 40 years I have been watching flippers. Everything is wonderful and then they get 10 years in jail and they flip on whoever the next highest one is or as high as you can go."', 'Aaah CNN.. The media company that has lost over 50% of their viewing audience within the last three months!  🙄', 'Free law tip: When speaking about your client never use the word "funneled" when describing sensitive financial dealings. 2:10', 'Why do people keep saying "he may never be charged?" Why the F*** not?!', 'Nihil mihi longius est quam….trump', 'Your concern for 2022 is really entertaining lol.', 'Hahah😂. I forgot all about that crap.', "The crowd didn't sound as excited about his tax fraud.", 'Compare a company car use and an under privileged child’s education to Hunter’s multi million dollar bribes from all these nefarious governments?  It’s astonishing!!', 'Seems that he never has to face any real consequences for anything', 'The Deep Rig movie!', "He actually tells on himself Woody doing and they don't do nothing about that 🥱✋...", '2 sets of books and apparently stiffed the state by 3.5 million  in taxes by his CFO mighty big fringe benefits', 'Homecoming queen talking head has it all figured out.', 'Look like he paid others to take the blame for it when they took the job over his finances', "He says, he doesn't even know but he also said he knows more than anyone in regards to taxes... I can't keep up!", 'Somebody tell me again and explain it like I’m a two year old why a sitting president is shielded from prosecution? Why why why why why, stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.', "Why wouldn't they charge him too if he's admitting it?", 'What good is the IRS if someone can cheat it for 50 years', '36.expanding universe (by Habl):(surah51,verse47) Allah is expanding this universe with pace from starting of this universe.', 'Wait I thought trump was a tax expert why is he asking the clueless followers if they know the answer to a simple tax question.', "don's so good at repeating lies until somebody believes it...", 'I’m waiting for him to say “Obama and Hillary did it too”', "Hahaha 😂 Trump will forever live rent free in y'all minds...lol🤣", 'HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!', "This is gonna be SO fun watching everything finally play out...cannot wait!\nThe awesome thing about narcissists is that they're always their own worst enemies...they can't shut-up and stop tooting their own sad little horns, because they all have the same things in common...they think they're all smarter than anyone else, they're all incredibly tone-deaf and lacking in any self-awareness...their blustering is just their pathetic attempts to mask what truly motivates them, resulting in their terrible life choices and bad behaviour...and that's their huge inferiority complexes.\nThey spend their entire lives jumping from person to person to person, burning each bridge as they go, until they're ultimately left without any truly meaningful relationships, because they simply don't possess the emotions or character virtues in their extremely flawed personalities to facilitate genuine human bonds with anyone but THEMSELVES.\nThings are about to get VERY interesting...these dumbasses are gonna talk themselves right into their jail cells.  LUV it...someone pass the beer and crisps!\nFINALLY some consequences for their multiple despicable behaviours.", "He's like a little child telling on himself..... Pathetic", 'Kinda like his rallys where he forces the taxpayer to pay for his entire events! He owes millions across the country! No one wants him in their state!', 'No difference than all his supporters driving around with say no to socialism while literally living off of social security', 'Imagine if the news had positive stuff to talk about lol. YEAH RIGHT', "He's as bent as they come", 'You guys are really scared he’s gonna win in 24 huh?', 'I didn’t kill that person, I just hired someone to cut their brakes.', 'I’m just a blue collar type, but even I know that employee perks like a car, house, etc. Are compensation and are taxable.  I don’t think claiming ignorance of the law is going to work.', "He looks like he's melting.", 'Really well put together. The hypocrisy burns your eyes out...', "But I recall his saying he knows more about taxes than anyone.  But he's asking the crowd.  Lmao 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣\n\nAnd I hate that damn soft voice he tries to take on sounding like a damn mucus filled goblin!!!!", '“Does anyone know this?” \n\nYeah, “the DA.”', 'doesnt his lawyers know that if he keeps talking he may dig his self in a hole bigger than ughhhh never mind', 'he took the campaign money first, then paid Stormy Daniels, by that it was no longer campaign money, lol', '"He may never get charged"\n\nWhy do people keep saying this, and *why the f not?*', 'Impeach joe!', '"Appears to...?" 😑🤦🏾\u200d♀️ The guy repeatedly tells y\'all who and what he is - unscrupulous, unprincipled and immoral. Believe him.', 'How much did this investigation cost?', '445k views. Right.', "Did I really just watch that? 🤯🤣🤣🤣🤣. It'll go nowhere and you know that 🤣🤣🤣🤣.", 'Thunder thighs the viewers have banned you,so sue them.', "Let's just hope he has the guts to admit he lost the 2020 election.", 'Think I ran out of popcorn.  \n    Time for a refill.   Best show ever!!\nWhat a moron.  Lol', "I...it's OBVIOUSLY illegal! I think that even the lowest information voter knows that you have to declare everything you get in compensation,  monetary or not.\n\nGood grief,  what an imbecile.", 'trump looks so much tired 😴  & afraid of coming allegations of fraud claims by him !!!', '😅🤣😂', 'Trump: “I’m smart”\nAlso Trump: “Who knew you had to pay taxes?”', 'This man continues to show how disregarding of the laws for ALL people.', 'Oh apparently the very stable tax genius is not that genius after all !!!!', "In other news CNN's advertisers breathe a sigh of relief.", 'Long live his majesty the King Mohamed 6', 'He adopts such a whiny soft voice when he describes the hardships of the painfully rich. While his tax paying adorants vacantly look on...', 'Long live his majesty the King Mohamed 6', 'Long live his majesty the King Mohamed 6', "What to expect?\nIt's Lardass45!\nAnd, That's All Folks!🐷", "He got two sets of books and he's a genius he better know the tax law better than anybody he's a genius 🥱🙄🤔👀👎...", 'I’m getting the vibe that the audience is having some difficulty relating to the difficulties surrounding the legality of tax deductions for company cars and tuition free college as a fringe benefit.', '😂😂😂😂 Keep talking donnie😜😜', 'Well he was never known for being intelligent. \n"Stupid is what Stupid Does " .', 'SAVE AMERICA!', '2:17 No, he didn\'t "conflate" the two issues. He\'s attempting to get out ahead of the problem and present himself as "ignorant" of how the tax system works so he can later foist the charges on his accountants.\n \n45 is no fool. He\'s narcissistic, manipulative, vengeful, petty and shortsighted but I don\'t think I\'d call him a fool. He\'s played backroom politics for too long and I don\'t think he was ready for the spotlight to shine on him quite as brightly as it has. He embraced soc-media, was too used to buying his way out of things and failed to realize the spotlight (and public image) of POTUS is more important than that of any one person who holds/held the office.', '“No one knows more about tax law than me.” \n\n—   The Very Stable Genius', 'Loose lips has sunk that ship.  What they failed to realize when they allowed trump to clench the GOP nomination, that was the tip of the iceberg.', 'He does not care he knows he can get away with it. His thugs will assist.', "Its amazing how CNN doesn't cover current affairs but focuses vehemently on a president who's not even in office. Amazing liberal propaganda with no accountability.", 'Why is this so surprising ?? .. Did we forget the perfect phone call ?? ... where he admitted trying to extort Ukrainian president for information on former Vice President Biden in exchange for military funds that were already approved by congress  , Trump repeatedly said it was a "perfect phone call" ... quid pro quo ...', 'His supporters ignore the fact that Trump said “No one knows the tax code like me, ahkay...” so now everyone should receive a company car tax free according to his logic', "Yeah!  We really got Trump this time!  He be goin' down this time!   🤣", 'Hilarious he asks regular working people if they deduct grandkids education and homes as perks. Everyone understands. What? Who has a boss paying for employee homes and grandchildren education? Falling off my chair laughing', 'Everyone that drives a company car have to report business mileage and personal mileage for tax purposes.  So yes, people we aren’t working for a shady business do indeed “know this stuff.”', '"appears" to admit.......slippery', 'This man is insane... speaking about not paying taxes.... encouraging corruption on National TV.', 'Stable genius insert foot in mouth.', 'Haberman can never answer a simple question. The question was: "why does he do this?" All she does is restate the obvious without adding anything new about why Trump conflates politics and public relations. She\'s annoying.', '33.Big bang:(surah21,verse30)Everything of creation were one single unit and became separate by certain massive explosion.', 'You play you pay.', 'This is the same guy that once said “I know more about taxes then the smartest CPA...”\n\nBut now who knows anything about taxes!? Thank god for video to prove how stoopid Trump is. (Not smart enough to know that’s not how you spell stupid.)\n\nGood thing he’s a very stable genius.', "tRump just can't keep his trap shut!! It's little wonder that most attorneys run for the hills when he tries to retain them!!", 'Takes me back to when he admitted not paying taxes for years and then admitted to only paying $200 in taxes in his first year as "president". He ADMITTED IT! HE\'S GUILTY. FULL STOP!', 'Appears being a key word there.', "Well if u state he's under investigation but he'll probably never be charged. Then that exact thinking is why he's saying things bcuz he won't be prosecuted.", '"Like Watergate, but with idiots," someone wrote.', 'CNN apears to keep going down the drain', 'Trump keep talking, give the lawyers more !!', 'Show me where anyone has been accused of tax accusations for not paying taxes on a company car CNN. This has never been a crime before but now it’s all of a sudden a crime.', "So to be clear giving gifts and fringe benefits to those who support your let's say less than legal behaviors is considered a fringe benefit, a guy selling cigarettes on the corner this is the ultimate affront to capitalism.?\nYou're out of your mind!", 'The title should be "Trump attempts to use kindergarten defense.".  \nTrump: "Billy stole candy so why can\'t I?".', 'Presi Swamp is "Holding Court In The Streets" per say', "I was watching the people sitting in the background and they all the sudden don't seem to know how to react. They are probably thinking I pay my taxes. This idiot I support is telling me he doesn't understand taxes. Looks like some of them might be picking up on that fact that this former president is throwing in my face that he is rich, stupid and I still give him my hard earned money.", "well, if the ex-president does it, that means it's not illegal", 'Could he possibly be speaking to the jury?', '"Everyone does it!" No, Donald, that\'s a lie, and you know it. What your company has done is illegal, and they got caught. As the CEO, you should be held accountable.', 'STOP USING TRUMP AS EXCUSE WHERES THE GEORGE FLOYD POLICING LAW I DONT SEE YALL COVERING THAT', 'Wait until all political parties taxes are looked into.', 'keyword, "appears" so then they deceive you into believing so HA', 'The tRUMP is making less sense every time I hear him. "Scrambled eggs."   Most people feel sympathy for someone who is ill, but this character has used up more than the average amount of public sympathy. The law should throw all the books at him.', "'Teflon Don'. Remember that when Teflon is scratched once, it starts to peel off quickly, leaving the under pan as sticky as it gets!", 'Yes, here\'s a classic quid pro quo. "I said you\'re not getting the billion until you fire the prosecutor." Joe Biden.', 'MAYBE, BUT CNN WILL NEVER ADMIT TO ANYTHING!!', 'Zuckerberg managers on video saying they made Congress irrelevant and they make decisions Congress should make.', 'After watching the opinion channel CNN for a few years, with no real impartial news, I am turning to the Republican side. They are happy people, while being a democrat is doom and gloom. Thank you CNN for turning me to the right side of history. Bye! unsubscribed!', '"I didn\'t know it was illegal to rob banks." (John Dillinger)', '59. Steps of development of an embryo (surah 23,ayat 14)(surah22,ayat5)a little amount of Sperm, congealed blood,lump,bone then flesh (wrapping bone)', "Let him talk and talk all he wants - he can't help but admit guilt! Thinks he's above the law!", 'He knows more about law than all the world lawyers combined. Actually he is the best not lawyer Lawyer of the universe and beyond', 'Seriously . This needs to be reviewed every few months. \nTrump is a one trick pony.  Corrupt as the day is long.', '“Taxes? Why the hell should I have to pay taxes!?” \n\nHe said, to a crowd that pays taxes', 'Leave him alone Haters don’t get no where', "To all the MAGA comments there! Are you proud of the first time former is been in justice case and support he's defense?", 'He have already claims many times of avoiding paying taxes. No budget on rental a woman.  Especially when you have one. "Stormy weather!" Time to bring the roof down.', 'We actually pay the wealthy to stay wealthy through taxes. We had people in lines and on highways waiting to receive food. And it includes people who vote republican and voted for trump!', 'Is Trump\'s legal strategy just to say " everyone hates me, so i deserve to get off Scott free"?', 'You want real crimes? Try the Biden crime family!!!', 'Frankly, this should be a RICO trial.', 'DREAM ON CNN...', 'They are so predictable!', '"Like the mafia, the Justice Department became nothing more than a corrupt arm of the Trump administration, run by Donald J. Trump as its head of the family." -Michael Cohen', 'Remain silent is just not even a thing anymore?', '😂🤣😂🤣', "75. Sirius star (surah53,ayat49) Sirius is a binary star system consisting of two white stars orbiting each other. Orbit of Sirius star (common centre of gravity). It's orbit lasts 49.9 to 50.1 years.", "75. Sirius star (surah53,ayat49) Sirius is a binary star system consisting of two white stars orbiting each other. Orbit of Sirius star (common centre of gravity). It's orbit lasts 49.9 to 50.1 years.", 'Advertising his crimes in broad daylight', "75. Sirius star (surah53,ayat49) Sirius is a binary star system consisting of two white stars orbiting each other. Orbit of Sirius star (common centre of gravity). It's orbit lasts 49.9 to 50.1 years.", "if, IF that's true, then trump has already admitted more than cnn 😅😂🤣", "He has the RIGHT to remain silent, he just doesn't have the ABILITY...", "what's funny (& more so sad) is the fact that he's bragging about taxes to a roomful of blue collar folks that's probably paying more in taxes then he is...\n\nAnd they're actually buying into his B.S.!!!!!", '“Does anyone know the answer to this stuff” \n\nYES..the IRS..the IRS knows plenty about these things lol..', 'How do people find him relatable? It\'s like Biden said "He wouldn\'t know a suburb unless he took a wrong turn."\n"Tons of people commit crimes, and yet when I commit crimes, it\'s somehow wrong. What has America come to when a rich white man can\'t do whatever they want?"\nthat\'s literally spot on what he\'s saying without twisting the words to make it sound better.', 'So,  the Governor of New York  gets all  those perks ,   free mansion  to live in , with all his officials ,  free cars to drive,  free college courses for training,  yearly,  and all those fringe benefits that the public  employees get  , but for the private employees to have any such perks is a crime ?     Double standard worthy of mob rule.', 'I used to hate trump until recently when i got a good look at the alternative ,meaning the groupthink of cnn and covid inc', 'Absolutely no moral compass and meanwhile the middle class is paying taxes out the wazoo.', 'I have to pay taxes on my car, I pay taxes on all my property. I’m tired of paying more because I’m not greedy or crooked, and I’m tired of being punished for being honest. When did being greedy, crooked, and immoral become something to be proud of…didn’t know this was the definition of “family values “. I am not talking about Trump, I’m talking about all politicians, corporate managers, religious entities, and any family members that think greed defines success. We keep this up and we’ll be nothing more than rats climbing over each other, trying to climb out of the rotten pot we filled with greed and hate.', '😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂', "He's saying ignorance of the law is a defense?😂", 'Trump said it, now can we arrest him???', 'I guess he is gambling on a civil war kicking off in August to forcibly put him back in the White House. I hope there are serious preparations to make sure nothing like that happens.', "“If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you.”\n\n― Lyndon B. Johnson", 'He has a big abrain..he should know everything about taxes and The Law.', 'Notice the person behind him in a hat, sun glasses, and a facial covering. Dude is afraid to be seen there. How much do you want to bet he’s a capitol rioter who has already been charged.', 'Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.', '🤮', "His crowd don't look very interested in hearing excuses.", 'This guy was a jerk', "They go after everyone that doesn't pay their correct share of taxes.", 'When can we have a story on CNN about Biden corruption with the same passion?', 'Gifts are taxable \n\nEveryone knows this', "It's the con man in him, he can't stop himself from talking.", 'The good news is after he is reinstated in August, he will not be able to run for reelection in 2024.', "I hope someone lets him know that yes, you're supposed to pay taxes on that kind of stuff, is he just finding out now ?well let's give him a Mulligan, okay? just like January 6th, just like Ukraine, LOL, not a chance in hell !!!", 'He might get charged too', 'What exactly is Mike. Pompey’s opinion on this entire subject???', '“I think nobody knows more about taxes than I do and income than I do.”- Donald J Trump, May 2016.\n\n"Does anyone even know this stuff?" - Donald J Trump, July 2021.', 'Our Lord Littlehands is actually worse than a dry drunk.', "Trump: We are supporting this country 🤔\nTaxpayers: No you don't 😠", 'Yes the answer is pay taxes. I am poor and have to.', 'Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court alone. These drill rappers be self-snitching on themselves and so does two-time impeached disgraced president Trump. Keep telling on yourself Trump. Keep it 💯', '"I\'m not a crook!"\n\nOnly crooks say that.', '"So what?" Is not a defence. $1.76M is a lot of fringe benefits. How do you know something is illegal? When they have 2 sets of books to keep a record of what is legal and what is not.', 'If it’s taxable then you pay taxes on it.', "He claims to be so patriotic don't patriots pay their taxes or at least not blatantly cheat.  I guess not.", 'Who in here thinks that $900,000 in tax evasion is just a gratuity, like a cup of coffee?', 'He admitted guilt, skip the trial and sentence him to prison. And move along to the next criminal in his family.', 'He said he knew more about taxes than anyone in the world. He called himself the King of TaxCode. Per the Washington Post:\n\n\r\n\r\n"When former president Donald Trump weighed in on the criminal tax case against his business this weekend, some saw a tacit admission to the schemes the Trump Organization is accused of.\r\n\r\n“They go after good, hard-working people for not paying taxes on a company car,” Trump said Saturday night at a rally in Sarasota, Fla. “You didn’t pay tax on the car or a company apartment. You used an apartment because you need an apartment because you have to travel too far where your house is. You didn’t pay tax. Or education for your grandchildren. I don’t even know. Do you have to? Does anybody know the answer to that stuff?”\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\r\nIt’s certainly valid to suggest Trump is granting that these violations might have indeed happened. Perhaps the better interpretation, though, is that Trump is mounting a defense: one of ignorance. (Okay, maybe this stuff happened, but we — or at least I — didn’t know it was illegal.) And knowledge of the tax law is vital to proving tax fraud."', "Of course they are investigating his children, but wasn't that done already in 2016?", 'He was unaware of the gift tax??? Baloney!', 'First he is a tax genius, then he flips the script and knows nothing. That will not work in court...', 'He once said in a deposition, that his "worth" changes based on his mood.\nI guess that\'s why he\'s putting his two-cents in.', 'Everything time I hear "trump will probably not be charged" my  stomach twists into knots! Why wouldn\'t he be charged? He\'s the head of the "Trump Organization" that is now an indicted "Criminal Organization". As trump said at that hate rally "would  someone please explain THAT to me!"', 'You can see why trump holds his audience by the short + curlies; he uses language they can understand. Stupid but vivid.', '32.Black hole prediction:(surah56,verse75);(surah 81,verse 15)Black hole area are some very small places of universe where attraction power is highest for everything.lf star or other things move to this area those thing will not be visible anymore.Thus this is the setting area for everything including star.', '1:51 ok drippy boy...', "Trump: Where's my pardon power?\nGiuliani: Biden stole it!", "I'd love to know exactly how many 'second sets of books' got destroyed around the country in the last week.", 'ooooohhhhh, i think he just doesnt understand.', 'Why does he always look like he is about to combust into a HUGE pile of orange goo?', "You guys love Trump, you can't stand not talking about him lol 🤣", 'One of the best lines that I have heard from an attorney is “There are more people in jail who thought that they could talk their out of a conviction instead of just not saying anything “. It doesn’t matter what Trump’s opinion is about legal issues it’s how those laws  and issues are decided in a court of law not by public opinion.', 'Hope so 👌', 'Helping people on SocialSecurity to get out of poverty. Remember we worked for our Social Security and still pay for Medicare and medical expense on our Social Security. Every body does not get extra help with Medicaid houseing food stamps utilities. We live in poverty try living on1600 or lower a month on SS if you get much over 1200 you don’t qualify.', 'Corruption… he’s the master of corruption.  He’s the center of corruption. Tried hard to hide his tax returns.  Like to see this crook go down.', 'It is against the law. He thinks the law doesn’t apply to him. A former tax accountant.', 'Gee. People getting prosecuted for tax evasion. Whatever next?', 'Keep talking Trump!  Keep recording!!!!!', 'CNN still trying to keep him running in 2024', 'Once a thief always a thief', 'Still now reporting on the Biden crime family', '"he will face a jury with people less inclined to see it his way as republican senators" AMEN!', 'Did you know Biden is president? How about covering all the wonderful things he has done in his first 6 months? Or his son the smartest man he has even known?', 'Yawn!', 'He is such a damn liar. It’s ridiculous', 'Is it a crime to do a crime? \nYes\nOh', "The dotard holds a 'rally' that gets no coverage, and in my local major city newspaper, it doesn't even get one word.\n\nThe orange stain is diminishing fast.", "I thought he was going to be inaugurated again in August, what's the worry.", "You saw any lawyer that didn't do what he said quit,only the ones who does what he says stay, it doesn't matter to them, they still get paid & get publicity along with it,as they say bye bye to their employer,lol, thanx for the easy money.", 'The clear step-uncle experimentally pat because queen willy announce atop a coordinated wing. ablaze, petite lotion', 'CNN RATINGS? \n\n\nLMMFAOAD', 'Their Lawyer: “tell them the truth. We need the world to know how stupid we are”', "A sociopathic Narcissist who can't keep his mouth shut is a prosecutors dream.", 'Lock him up.  He’s guilty.  What are you waiting for?', "LOL He's so dumb, but I think he is playing the game. He knows hes gonna lose anyway, might as well get to spinning and have hes crowd call fake news from the start.", 'the entire CNN staff should be embarassed. Such a disgrace. still trying cash in on trump hatred in order to lift their dying ratings.', 'Who would have guessed. The man talks about corruption but never pays taxes', 'He does it to try and normalize it', 'Guilty conscious', '🍿', 'Keep talking donnie the prosecutors are listening.', 'Does Trump think the average American relates to his tax issues? Most American workers don’t get the type of perks Trump gave his CFO.', 'Great he needs to admit it', 'Trump\'s lending company?\nMy motto is "Old debt not cleared, don\'t seek new debt.".\nDoes it appear to be orderly?', 'Despicable', '31.Surah Nahal16 (bee)calculation:The word "bee" first mentioned in 68th verse of this surah.This 68th verse contains total 13 word.(68×13)=884.This 68th verse contains total 884 letter.', 'I received a $25 Amazon gift card from my job. I had to pay taxes on it which was deducted from my paycheck.  I believe other businesses should be consistent and employees should pay taxes on the benefits.', 'Lock him up lock him up lock him up', 'How do they do the grossest things, tell people the truth about it and everyone is like- meh, ok? 😕', 'What they are really saying is, go after these crooks, just not me.', 'Makes me wonder how much CNN pays in taxes? Or how much Randall L. Stephenson, John J. Stephens, William A. Blase pay in taxes....but you will never see CNN mention these names!', 'Yeas. You have to pay taxes even with a company card. I do, why wouldn’t you?', "I'd say B goes about 210 on the hoof... she's not very tall.", 'Rappers who snitch on themselves', "Of course company payout perks but it's a crime if you don't pay taxes on it duuuhhh . I thought Trump said nobody knows more about the tax code than him", 'The clown news network strikes again.', '"Why does he do this?"  Well, he has a big loud mouth and he\'s not very bright.', 'We know now why he lowered taxes. He cant pay for them. Another presidency term is the fastest way out of bankruptcy and tax fraud', "Yea Russia Russia Russia...oh wait you lied about that. Propaganda at it's best. We all know you're enemies of the people", 'I wonder if all that orange hair dye and the artificial suntan radiation has had some effect on his brain. Seems like it to me. Maybe injecting bleach might still help.', 'Trump will forget he said anything.  After all, he conceded the election in one speech, but has conveniently forgotten That, too.', "He must still be making money out there having these Rally's, he's not that stupid he's in it for the money, and their are many people keep sending it to, it's amazing how many believe his pathetic lies.", '30.process of making honey from bee body(surah Nahal or bee16,verse67and69) After collection of flower juice by bee, from gland of bee some amount of special fluid emission occur which increase density and specificy colour of flower juice and produce nectar. There are different colours of nectar we can find.', 'LOL they are the ones lining their own pockets.', 'HA GOOOOT EEEEM', 'Sippy cup is incompetent.', 'He is basically admitting that he did crimes openly and then trying to trivialize the crimes as if to say " my many crimes arent THAT big of a deal" ; but i guarantee you if any regular American faced similar charges, that American is going to fucking jail w/o question.  \n\nCan you imagine the meltdown the Right would have if any Democrat or former Democratic president said anything REMOTLEY similar?  The hypocrisy vexes me....', 'trump you know everything about corruption. Like trump is fleecing taxpayers on a lie about his politics funds.', 'Others will fall around trump, and he will get away with it all, as usual, at the expense of others.', "This country is corrupt af..we need to give them a taste of thier own medicine..let's rise.", 'The crowd seem to be silently acknowledging that they indeed do know that Is against the law to not pay taxes.', 'One key difference is "everyone" isn\'t a billionaire writing off tens of thousands in expenses.', 'shopping never pay，shooting everyday', 'So ... WHAT ABOUT HUNTERS LAPTOP? ... WHAT ABOUT THE CLINTONS EMAILS?', 'Love Trump', 'Has Zuckerberg been charged for his emloyees picking up ballot drop boxes without legal authority in Georgia 2020 election', 'Thought Trump was a tax expert! Now he’s not…… hummmm', "Does anyone have the over / under on what child flips first, the smart money seems to be Ivanka, but I feel Eric is a wildcard as for Don Jr. He won't flip because the way he sees it him and his dad in prison together will finally be a chance to get the quality time with his dad he always wanted", "If he acknowledged it, then he doesn't think he's in trouble. \nBy explaining how he thinks or his values, he pretty much summed up why people are losing faith in capitalism.", "The alcohol has eaten away Rudy's brain cells, the aderol has eaten away at Donald Trump's brain cells, the cocaine has eaten away at Trump junior's brain cells and all their lies have eaten away at Democracy.   Where do we stand?", "We are in real trouble if we keep calling 'good' evil and 'evil' good! What Trump did is wrong and that is a fact. Let us all stand up for law and order FOR US ALL!! ALL OF US NOT JUST SOME!!", "Appears to?\n\nHe did. So did Eric.\n\nIt's over.", 'America has to ask itself, how did someone so incredibly stupid and so incredibly corrupt get so successful?', 'Suggestion to Trump: if you know everything about all there is, fire your lawyers and represent yourself in court. Please do that. The rest of humanity really need you to do that.', 'Crazy', 'When oh when will this lunatic go away???', 'The George Costanza defence. “Was that wrong”?  “No one told me that this kind of behaviour was frowned upon”.', 'Feds: I hope Trump has another rally.', 'Why did they arrest that 73 year old man in cuffs and not Trump ?', 'Ok, you know why I tend to not believe conspiracy theories?  Because most politicians are too stupid to cover their own tracks.', 'If everyone broke gotta pay taxes,wtf makes him special 🤬🤬🤬', 'I thought he\'s "Cognitively there..." as he always brags about, ha ha ha. Obviously not ...', 'Do I see a little sweat on Bunker Boys top lip?😳', "Little Marco is mad and doesn't know what to do.", 'Does he have a choice?', 'Silence is golden. Trump opening your mouth shows how little you actually know. Your voice alone is enough to give people the runs. I mean we had enough of you. You lost not take your punishment for corrupt crap you have done.', "I'm not a liar, I never lie, always tell the truth, even when I lie.", 'trump 2016 - "i know more about taxes than anybody" trump 2021 - "does anybody know this stuff?" I\'m neural but god dam, the former president keep contradicting himself lol I think mr trump like stupid people and stupid people love him!', 'Appearances are mostly decivein, just like cnn often is. Journalism is dead at cnn.', 'Keep talking Eric’s dad.. just keep talking', "Is anyone going to talk about the couple that got ripped out of their car and shot dead in Chicago ? Oh yeah they don't talk about that there wont be any protests over that , only wanted crack dealers .", '"Does anybody know the answer to that stuff?"\n\nYes. People do know the answer. And they recently arrested your CFO over it.', 'Its actually a GOOD THING to admit when wrong..THE DEMS SHOULD TRY IT SOMETIME..LMAO', 'I got a$1000 bonus and 40,,%was taxed', 'MAGA = My Accountant Got Arrested', 'Goats are like mushrooms.  Because if you shoot a duck, there like toasters. Comrade Wizard Biden.', '"Some \'Stormy Daniels\' woman"\nApparently he believes the character or quality of the woman has some bearing on the legality or illegality of the payment. SMH', 'Not every company cheats like the Dumpster does, only he does it bigger and better than anyone else.', 'he should know that he must pay taxes on gifts . when we all buy a car we have to pay the tax . He is not new to the game . he is the one that said that he has a very high I,Q, that he knows everything  , now he is acting like he has a small I,Q, like his hands. like he is a victim , give me a break , ho that is what he is looking for .', 'Our Lord Littlehands always tries to normalize criminal behaviors.', "I'm amazed that Dems are not EMBARRASSED how biased the News is. INCREDIBLY low!", 'Lol Cnn APPEARS some SOURCE...etc you got ZERO as usual...', '🎪 🤡💩 Show !!', "Awe, Rudy.  It appears that you're slipping.  Drinking, whatever?  See a doctor darlin.", "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, y'all", 'Same fricken Trump tune "If I do it it\'s perfect, if anyone else does it, it\'s a horrible crime". Entitlement.', 'HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY USE the WORD “BIZARRE” and TDONALD DTRUMP in the SAME SENTENCE!?!\n\nIT’S a WITCH-HUNT!', 'How does CNN still exist??? Who actually watch this?', 'Well it appears. Is that how CNN reports news. Yes. I think it appears that CNN is planning to close there doors soon.', 'Anybody know the answer to that ? Asks trump YES shouts all those aged 5 and over', 'Don is fading although his neo fascist authoritarian well wishers love him.', 'This going no where! What is the next thing you are going to go after!?   How about investigating the Biden Crime family!?  Or just get Chomo Joe to answer a few tough questions?  CNN has no credibility! None!', 'The crowd looks bored. I think his schtick has gotten old.', 'None of you are smart enough to understand Trump.', '“Does anyone know the answer to that?”  Well yes, Trump, you do.  Don’t you remember boasting  you  knew more about tax laws than anyone.  \n\nSurely you weren’t lying were you?   You might like to recall that you also boasted about having the world’s best memory too.     Seems you lie far too frequently to remember which lies you’ve told.', 'But first admit your biased correspondence CNN'], ['I appreciate that Don Lemon, in his interviews with Officer Fanone, gives Officer Fanone the time he needs to formulate thoughtful answers.', 'This guy is a credit to the capitol police force: intelligent, brave, and articulate with the courage of his convictions.', "I love Officer Fanone for speaking out and advocating. He's a hero that put his life on the line to save our democracy!", 'Trump (BLM Protesters): "When the looting starts, the shooting starts."\nTrump (Capitol Rioters): "Go home, we love you. You\'re very special."', "This officer is a hero 2X's over for me. One for Jan 6, other for this interview. Bless him.", 'I feel the only reason the GOP blocked this investigation is because of their fear of being implicated in the Jan 6 insurrection.', "I like this guy a lot -- it doesn't feel like he's someone just after his 15 minutes of fame. He comes across as a truly authentic guy and boy-howdy, do we need more like him.", 'The GOP is so often pro police and “back the blue”. Then when something like this occurs they don’t want to back the blue? They don’t want to defend the police? \nVery interesting how that works.', 'This cop is a dude. He did his job, he is apolitical, articulate, and he speaks for what most Americans stand for.', 'God bless this guy. His government has let him down again.', "Republicans: Jan 6 was an Antifa inside job!\nDems: OK, let's have a bipartisan inquiry then.\nR: WOAH WOAH HOLD UP NOW", 'This man has my complete respect. Send him to Congress.', 'I got chills because he reiterated what I have been saying for years: Do you know what makes the difference between a "good" cop and a "bad" cop? COMPASSION.', "I'm starting to get scared. There is something really sick about our country. The insurrection and talk about a coup by a former military general.", 'When they said, Mexico is Not sending their Best and brightest to the US, SURELY, Constituents are Not sending Best and brightest to Washington.', 'It doesn’t matter what your party is. Every candidate should have those honorable qualities that Officer Fanone spoke of.', '"" this isn\'t the country that I want to turn over to my children.. "\n♥ Courage 🤜', 'This guy is a patriot if there ever was one.', '" I don\'t endorse politicians, I endorse people. " - deep and very true. Well said and done, Fanone.', 'He is such a genuine gentleman. He holds more class in his heart than most of those in the GOP combined!', 'My parents were "Eisenhower Republicans" I can\'t imagine how they would feel if they were still alive today. Much love to you from CA, Mike.', '“Hell I’m an American so I’ll chime in” everyone, EVERYONE, should listen to this statement and take it to heart. We are all responsible for the country we want to have. Don’t be silent folks. Speak up and get involved.', "I see a Major Leadership Role for the people in this man's future.\nGod Bless him.", 'Ron Johnson:  “I’d like to completely reconstruct what happened on January 6th”.  👍 Sure Ron.  Pretty sure he already “completely reconstructed” what happened according to his own lies and delusions for an accurate historical record.', "They didn't vote to block the commission, they voted to BURY THE TRUTH", "I watched as my capitol was desecrated by terrorists I've been trying to warn about all my life, and now they're trying to sweep it under the rug? Maybe we should just start a civilian commission to investigate this.", '"I\'d like to completely reconstruct what happened on Jan. 6th so we have an accurate historical record"... What? \nYou don\'t reconstruct history. You record it as it happened. Whether it is good or bad you simply record it, not revamp it to look appealing. That is how we learn from and remember the past.', 'Shame on Congressman Clyde for spinning the insurrection as merely tourists!!', '“Absolutely Disgraceful” you’re completely correct Sir!!! I certainly commend, you continuously speaking out.✊🏽❤️⭐️ #Ridiculous', 'My sincere respect to you, Officer Fanone.', 'Officer Fanone is the most honest, decent, and honorable person. I have so much respect for him.', 'Yes indeed, Michael Fanone is from Maryland. He sounds like my cousin when he speaks. LOVE Michel Fanone.', 'Honor, integrity, compassion, empathy- all sadly lacking in too much of society.  Truly needed!', 'Guy looks like hes been through saome deep thinking.', '"This isn\'t the country I want to turn over to my children." ~ Officer Fanone.\nAmen brother.🙏', 'I feel that the Capitol police should turn their backs on those that did the same to them.  You see one of the seditionists in trouble, keep on stepping.', "Even with this guy's powerful testimony, it will be ignored.  That's how far gone we are.", 'The causes AND the failed security response. Why was our nation unable to respond to a televised attack on our Capitol for over 4 hours? Capitol Police got no back up.', 'Just call anything "Benghazi" and The GOP will investigate it at least 6 times. Gleefully shouting "Lock them up".', "This man is a true hero, speaking up for what's right! I'm very proud he was there to protect our capitol. I'm praying for him and his family!", "You're saying some good things Michael, especially about how you're living your life. If only others could have that realization. It would be a better world.", 'Wow. That is a clear thinking citizen. The founders had him in mind when they created this country, when they imagined what leadership was supposed to be.', 'My heart goes out to this gentleman. He is forever changed by the events of January 6, 2021.', "In my view, you really represent what the capitol police were meant to be, and what they all tried to be on Jan. 6. You're a wonderful voice of reason, and a very articulate one at that. Thank you, and all the others who tried their best to get control of the situation.", 'Sweet, sweet man! The pain is still in your eyes, but this experience has opened you, rather than closed you, thank goodness! \n\nMichael, your voice is very important, and I imagine all Americans can respect you...even those deluded fools who came against you. Sending love and strength!', 'I am teary eyed- love you Michael! Yes, compassion and kindness is the way forward.', "I heard someone at the insurrection shout, ' we've been told to go home. We follow orders.' And we all know whose orders.", 'Wow! This is one hell of an interview. Respect', 'He is very inspiring! I appreciate this interview very much and encourage other people to think like this officer does. Compassion and empathy and Kindness are integral to our survival.', 'I cannot imagine how this officer feels when a political party does not give a damn about you.', 'Amazing interview, thank you both!', 'What a great interview Don, congratulations!', 'What’s confusing about Jan 6? What do we need to “get to the bottom” of?', 'Oh my.. My respect for this man is on another level. Truly smart. Truly human', 'Y\'know, as a foreigner looking into the US with outside eyes, I am so impressed with Michael.  That\'s the kind of American I have met in different parts of the world.  What has happened since the "Big Lie" is astounding and unbelievable.  The genuine, heartfelt person that is Michael is the true America and makes the rhetoric of Trump cheap and shoddy. America is not cheap and shoddy and allowing Trump to debase it is horrific. Hopefully some wonderful Legal Eagle will step in with a cease and desist suit that will silence this monster called Trump.', 'He speaks logic. I admire him for giving this interview and I hope many more people will listen to this.', 'What an amazingly reasonable and authentic individual. Compassion is the only way', 'Someone needs to get that phone!!! \n\nMe channeling my father: “Somebody pick up the goddamn phone!”', 'Accurate historical record? It was filmed. Live. There ya go, Ron Johnson.', 'Michael, thank you for Being a officer to protect me...I agree with you thanks very much...I will have your back🌀♥️', 'Don’t be a Mitch !  I am very sorry for everyone who was attacked or hurt even died due to this incident.  God Bless all of you.', 'He gives us, Australians, hope as well. Hope he starts or supports a movement that makes sustainable improvement to US political system', 'Thank you Michael Fanone for your service, your advocacy of compassion and standing for a better America which is peaceful, respectful, and inclusive.', 'Thank you for being a hero and for your wisdom! I hope people listen and act accordingly.', 'No republican who voted nay for this commission or any of their voters can ever say blue lives matter. RIP Sicknick.', 'So much love and respect for you and family Michael thanks so much for your service brother', "The next insurrection, and I'm quite positive there will be another attempt, will have a much greater chance of success. If I were a potential candidate, fresh out of academy, the Capitol Police would be FAR down my list of places to work.", '"If voting could actually change anything, it would be illegal." ~ Noam', 'Thank you for your service and protection of the Capitol and our way of life.', '"This just isn\'t the country I want to turn over to my children." Exactly this. Thank you Officer.', 'God bless you sir 🙏 integrity, compassion, honor, morals, values, respect and love.....👼', '"Honor, compassion and empathy." True words to live by given by a true hero. Very well said. "I don\'t endorse politicians but I support good decent people."', 'Thank you to this officer for speaking out.', 'Keep doing what you’re doing officer. You have the decency, empathy and eloquence to make a real difference.', "As an American, I'm very sorry that these heroes are being treated with such disregard by the GOP. Fox won't even welcome them on to speak. That speaks volume to their deceit.", "He is very articulate and I like the fact that he didn't have to talk fast like a sound bite.", "WoW! Officer Fanone, Speak out, & thank you for being at Officer Sicknick's mothers side .", 'I finally found an Officer worthy of respect. Good job.', 'Thank Micheal Fanone for your service to your country and for doing your job and for not adding to the hate and anger and racism that already exists.', "We can't let this go. Interviews like this need to be broadcast EVERY week until an investigation is secured.", 'I wouldn\'t turn down an opportunity to "Reconstruct Completely" ronnie johnnies face', "Bravo to Officer Fanone!!! Well spoken gentleman!!! He's the kind of representation we need more of in Washington, DC.", 'Thank you so much for your service. No one deserves to have gone through what you did. You and all the capitol officers have lived the truth and these politicians are selling you out. God bless you and shame on them.', 'Officer Fanone, thank you for your service, honor, and integrity.', 'The US is sliding into third world territory in terms of political instability and safety. Scary', 'Officer Fanone thanks for speaking up. God bless you 🙏🏾', "Fanone, you've got the balls, the conviction, and the mandate to keep the Jan6 investigation ball rolling. Don't let it pass you/us by, we're counting on you.", 'I love this guy’s phone ringing so much. It’s probably his mom calling', "Please say this on Network News: ABC, CBS, NBC. Otherwise it's just preaching to the choir where afterwards it falls into the void.", 'McConnell is only interested in sedition for the sake of power and money. \nThe United States is of no concern to him.', "It's so hard to listen to this man after watching in horror when the crowd had him and were trying to kill him. We were about to see the flip side of the horror of George Floyd murder. I'm so happy he's ok or alive, clearly he's got healing to do but we have him here!!!", 'He lost me at end. Pelos I ain’t going to dig anything out.', 'Amazing interview !', 'The record of what happen is on news reels, Sen. Johnson!', 'My heart goes out to this gentleman and his fellow officers and their families. We owe them to get answers. Not a party thing.', 'Thank you Sir for your service!  Exceptional person, exceptional HuMan💗', "What ever happen to character and integrity I guess that's gone out the window", 'Thank you for both your service and for actively pursuing the justice that our lawmakers should, and have a moral RESPONSIBILITY to protect and defend our Constitution!', "We all know who incited the mobs to attack the Capital, and those enablers at the Capitol are simply fearful that the road to justice will lead the investigative commission right to their door steps. It's no wonder McConnell and his cronies refuse to vote for an investigative commission.", 'It’s time to defend our country not destroy it \nThis GOP thing is treason', 'We need to hear more from honorable real men like this, rather than the fear mongering conspiracy theorists.', 'This really hit home I feel his pain and love. You are a True HERO', 'Thank you, Mike, for your service defending all decent Americans and thank you for speaking out - even if your heartfelt logic for Democracy fell on deaf ears.  You are loved and appreciated by right minded Americans and hopefully, your decency and your passion will continue to be a \nwakeup call to all of us.  🙏🏼🇺🇸🙏🏼', 'Here is a thought, the next time one of those scum who voted against this calls for help, Blue says nope. When you betray those sworn to protect you, then you deserve no protection.', 'Great clip. This straight talking officer is a credit to his profession and a civilized America!', "Thank Sir for defending 🙏our capital , I am sorry for the loss of your fellow officer who die , I hope your sacrifice wasn't in vain  And I hope people will remember when its time to vote again!", 'Great interview and very professional \nSoon or latter the true come out', 'Mr. Lemon, thank you for letting us hear from Officer Fanone about the Jan. 6 riot on the Capitol.', 'Thank you for your support for democracy. God bless you and your family.', 'We as Americans really need to take voting SERIOUS. We need to vote for people who are ready to serve us. We need to VOTE like we never have voted before.\nVOTE 2022/2024....VOTE', 'Officer Fanone, our country needs more citizens like you. I am thankful you survived January 6th. \nMay God bless you and keep you and your family safe.', "When the rioters try to take the Capitol again, let McConnell defend it (more likely he'll be running away.)", "Very inspiring segment with Ofcr. Michael Fanone.  He's a good representative for this event, and for fighting for a REAL investigation into its origins, its 'dark money' financing, and all the groups and individuals involved in making it happen.", 'I hate cops and neck tattoos but I freaking love this guy', 'This guy has more gravitas and sensibility than all of the GOP leaders.', 'Ron Johnson having his personal investigation to accurately reconstruct what happened on January 6 is a perfect material for a "stand-up".', 'Great interview', 'When the Democrats get their unilateral investigation started to discover the truth about January 6th, I sincerely hope that they will invite Officer Fannone to be a part of it. He has much to offer and it may prove to be a healing process for him. He’s a decent human being and a man of great bravery and integrity.', 'Officer Fanon, you seem like a good human being! It is wonderful to see and hear an empathic, compassionate and strong man! Wish you all the best, health and joy in the future!', 'I respect the hell out of this officer for speaking up. And I hate that I’m one of McConnell’s constituents', 'Hey guys, when you read the title from afar, it looks like you\'re saying "Disgraceful officer who defended capitol." I keep spotting it and reading it that way. Not great.', 'A REAL HERO.  Thank you Sir.', 'Well said brutha! 💪🏽🙏🏽☮️', 'God bless you sir!', '"she (Pelosi) is a helluva person." And "amazing" \nHigh praise from a man who wears a police uniform and has demonstrated to us all what it means to be both an officer and a citizen of the greatest country on earth.', 'I pray this interview opens closed eyes.', 'I am glad this body am keeps being shown even if it makes me sick everytime I see it.', 'This man is a hero and Patriot. I’m so grateful he’s stepped forward and speaking against the dangerous GOP LIES about insurrection and vital importance for establishing a commission to reveal the TRUTHP!', "He's a great person and a great cop. His attitude toward voting for the person whose ideas are integrity etc, perfect way to vote! What January 6 showed is that Party politics are an anachronism.", 'This guy is an American Hero!!!  Where is his Congressional Medal of Honor?', 'My heart goes out to this man trying to defend his country disgusted with our crooked political.system,as we all are. But still a respectable American.', 'I would like to see Officer Fanon participate in politics and being elected to a government position so he could use his cause to serve our country.', 'You should thank The Feds for allowing me to broadcast my story and records publicly And the Military and Law (Enforcement) and a host of other I hope you will see their recognition later on after IF we can get to whats happening in our Government', 'Michael Fanone was a voice of reason and integrity from his first moment on camera several months ago, when he thanked the rioters who saved his life and then said but f   k you for being here (insurrecting the capitol). Undoubtedly he should run for office.', 'Hard to change hearts and minds when the GOP congressional members are heartless and mindless. 🙄', 'We already know the “what led to...” answer.', 'I was ready on Jan 6thto drive out from California and blessed that the guard came in strong so we never had to form well regulated militias, so thankful for those dedicated to defending this country and who are compensated for their duty. I would be a fearless volunteer 🙋\u200d♀️ God have mercy on the opposition because I wont but he loves ya!', 'These capital police officers are there to protect and serve… yet those whom they protect turn their back’s on them as if nothing happened…🤨🤨🤨 this man has and always have my respect…👍🏼🤨', 'To my brother in blue, Officer Fanone, stand strong and keep speaking the truth.', 'Thank you, Michael Fannone, for protecting the Capitol and for speaking out.', 'Beautifully expressed Michael Fanone', 'God bless you thank you for your service', "He's impressive.", 'So much respect to the Capital Police and their sense of honor and dedication to duty!  I don’t know that I would be able to keep protecting those who won’t protect me.  Kudos!', 'Boy how the nazis tried to destroy evidence and cover up their crimes, comes to mind.', 'The salty celery inexplicably extend because yew symptomatically rock over a upset sweater. handsome, knotty jennifer', 'These officers need justice & heroism remembrance for their actions', 'Thank you Officer Fanone You Have Real Strength. 🇺🇲🦅', 'Sir I agree with you, God Bless you and your family', "I always knew that DT was going to be trouble, but I never imagined that literally bring our democracy to it's knees.", 'You are an awesome human and patriot.', 'And “mostly peaceful protests” over last summer?! Both happened.', "Know how we knew there were no leftists involved in the Capitol protest? Easy: The Capitol wasn't  on fire.", 'I would like to see go on fox. Should be interesting', 'Vote people! I wish I would have taken it more serious when I was younger but im only 42 so its never too late. We have to defend democracy at all costs', "He is a brave m'en,, he was juste doing His job. Hope something good will come for him and his coworkers. Bless toi and your familly.", '100% Agreed, Sir ! Thank YOU  for defending OUR CAPITOL !', 'Protect this man at ALL COST!!! \n\n"All you fascist bound to lose..."- Woody Gurthrie', 'Pretty powerful.', '" Nancy will get to the bottom of this "  (only to find a senator and an ex-president giving a green light to the whole mess) she will see what the world already saw.', 'What a wonderful person!  The world desperately needs more of his kind!', 'Compelling!!', 'I had to Secure the Treasury I was dying. And the House From the Deed being ceased and let them storm the capitol and sign the deed for me. Maybe they try to steal it afterwards Pence?', 'dems:  " one man, one vote."\nrepubs:  screw that, gerrymandering or we\'ll never win"', 'From the outside it seems that the US is closer to splitting apart than at any time since the civil war.', 'HONOR, COMPASSIONATE, EMPATHY,', 'Can we clone this guy! To use as cops? All the same integrity, compassion, and brains!??please?', 'Oh and one more thing. As opposed as I am to what happened on January 6, the constitution gives us the RIGHT to do EXACTLY what occurred.', 'I stand whit this officer ! Everyone should  ! He gets it !', 'Respect to him for standing up.    I hope you are getting help counseling friends whatever you need for YOU for what you went through that horrible day.  Self care is so important please.  Peace', "Jesus I didn't see the video title and I thought this was a new interview with Chris Watts", 'I just want to say thank you for doing what was right I wish the Republicans that voted against looking into this should not have the privilege of people like you that are heroes that put their lives on the line for the ones that don’t care about hero like you and all of the police officer’s and I think God that you get to go home to your kids and your wife and thank you for everything that you have done for this country!!!', 'WHEN YOU WALK IN THE CAPITAL TO TAKE SELFIES AT A DESK, AND WALK AROUND WITH A PODIUM THAT IS NOT THE ACTIONS OF A TAKEOVER ?', "I'd like to see Mitch in the hands of an angry mob.", "We need more cops like this man...kudos and thank you...I doubt faux news didn't even make an effort to get this guy to speak on their network...funny they're all for blue lives when it's other issues but not a peep when cops defended the capitol.", 'Proud of this man.', 'Someone needs to set up a national tour of town halls, particularly in the Red towns, with this cop and others who can testify directly to the people. None of these QAnon type are listening to or giving a damn about Don Lemon but maybe there is a chance to turn minds if they can be faced with the truth in person. Maybe.', 'Thank you for all your Servais  to you and all you family  and all you parter that die for constitution.', 'Michael is an American hero that fully displays bravery, compassion, empathy, decency and integrity... he is the best of us! He is a profound example of an American patriot!! God bless him, and all those like him! 🇺🇸👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼', 'I respect this man.', 'His own investigation! We the people are supposed to take him serious? I guess we all just fell off of the Damn turnip wagon, right?', 'That officer has the thousand-yard stare in his eyes', "I'm with you 'Trout Fisher' United We Stand .", 'HONOR, COMPASSION, INTEGRITY AND EMPHATY... nowhere to be found in the red party...', 'Never in my lifetime did I ever think that the United States could and might become the fascist  States of America and if that happens, the world will  descend into darkness!', 'Michael is a patriot who has walked the walk who loves his country despite being betrayed by some of its leaders. Thank you Michael. RIP Brian Sicknick.', "I have such respect for you Officer Fanone! And he is so right about handing our children this country, as it stands now. It's a sorry state, but a clear example of how much corruption and money is in the politics of this country! And we need to vote in better people to represent us.", 'Thank you Officer Michael Fanone.', "Mike, the True American Patriot's are with you 💯! Thank you for your service!", 'Thank you Officer Michael Fanone.', 'Excellent commentator ! We could hardly have a  smarter and more. positive person as a  remarcable patriot !', "It's good he's become a more compassionate person. I believe the insurrection should be condemned by all. But both he and Sicknick voted for Trump - twice. At some point, we all will reap what we sow.", 'George Washington and the patriots of Concord were insurrectionists too. 🇺🇸', 'The commission  would show that some of those same  lawmakers helped to organize  it and also provided inside information', 'Too funny.\nThe guys who started this gets to vote in the investigation.', 'This interview should be seen by Fox "News" viewers but I doubt most will ever see it. \nIt doesn\'t confirm their preexisting bias so they\'re not interested.', 'You are a true hero!', 'this guy is still a very brave dude- despite the trauma of the insurrection he keeps facing the ugly mob. I hope that he is one day honoured for his courage.', "This guy way laying on the floor, taking a beating, so that senators didn't face the very same thing. What cowards they are.", 'Elect that policeman! He knows the truth and he loves the country!', 'Mike is a hero and survivor. Your voice is beacon in these dark times. God bless you', "What Officer Fanone says at about 3:40 is the truest of truth (which means the republiqans don't believe it).", 'The fact that Mitch asked for a personal favor, who tf is he? My god our country is in trouble.', 'Getting the GOP to vote yes for the commission is like getting a murderer to try his own case', '"Americans are responsible for our country going forward." \nA natural born LEADER if ever there was one.  Michael Fanone is more than 1 vote, he is a Visionary. His brand of American Nonpartisan Humanist platform is worthy of our endorsement. Thank you, Officer.', "They beat the conservative right out of him and now he's a born-again liberal", 'Hi MICHAEL, we are proud of you, we all love you and your courage. Here is our "BIG SALUTE". You are our STRENGTH AND PASSION. You are deserving the greatest award of the Great Nation', 'never trust someone with a neck tattoo.\nor lemon', 'Every day I am more and more embarrassed that I was ever a Republican.', 'Every Law Enforcement Officers that were at the Capitol on January 6th, 2021, should file Class-action law suits against everyone that : lead, participated, incited and involved in promoting the seditious insurrection.', 'Even more respect for police who still do their job after being discarded like trash literally by the people they have saved. How much more disgusting can politicians be?', "Fanone is quite simply a hero. For what he did on Jan. 6th, but also for what he's been doing regularly ever since, speaking objective truth.", 'GOOD MAN !!!', 'It never fails, every time I hear this officer speak tears come to my eyes. So ashamed of my country s response to this.', 'God bless you Officer Fanone🙏', 'They only say "blue lives matter" when it\'s politically convenient for them.', 'Sir, you are a hero.  You have more courage than the entire Republican Party.  Hang in there', 'I would vote for this officer if he ran for a office job !', "I have left the Church that my family go to for years because I couldn't stand the level of trumpism that is happening there....", 'I wish all politicians used him as a role model especially those lying fueling anger and hate.', "Can't the fbi investigate without this passing?", 'when we have leaders like “ The pillow guy,kevin,inner-tube ted,maybe no maybe so Lindsey...hoax hannity......we s all in trouble', 'The ones against the commission have something to hide.', "Why did they have to ask permission from the coup d'etat plotters if it's ok to investigate the coup just because some of the coup plotters are senators and House representatives???", 'Police Officer Michael Fanone, I am so sorry that you were attacked the way that you were. Thank you for doing what you could and for what you can do now. Take care. Peace to your family & to you.', 'The only way to save our democracy is to remove every repub, including manchin, from every office, federal to local state. NOW.', "I'm sorry you are still experiencing physical symptoms. PTSD is a process. When Congress denies 1/6 it only makes PTSD worse. Respect, sir. 🙏💜", "We really don't need a commission. We already know why it happened. The only thing we need are names of the instagators.", 'What an impressive, extraordinary guy.', 'Thank You Officer Michael Fanone.', 'Honour to you Officer Fanone 🙏', "Johnson knows what happened,just doesn't want to have so-called GOOD suburbans in a bad light.", 'Johnson did not have to be told,he knows damn well what happened.He was partially responsible.He doesn’t want people to know how much.', "Officer Fanone may never have the full measure of his health returned to him, but he can have answers. Officer Sicknick cannot be given back to his loved ones, but they can have answers. If giving a grieving mother answers by which she can begin to heal the breach in her heart must come second to winning an election, you don't deserve to win.", "I will never forget the trauma they caused this man and I will never forget the republicans just ignoring a mother's cry to have her son's murder investigated it's just not American.", '🤦🏻\u200d♀️ On the Fence-Pence talking out of his arse….as usual.', "Check out Brian's channel on YouTube has podcast as well about Mitch it is Outstanding.", 'Amazing officer speak the truth  that what matters  God  blessings to you and families ,', 'This is testimony. Michael is great, and I thank him. At least HE has some balls. What happened to trumps balls?? Did they go the same place as his brain?..or had none to begin with?', "Defended capital ? I saw video footage , where they  even escorted the protesters inside . Videos  don't lie CNN  and cops do", "Officer Fanone doesn't let others put words in his mouth. He speaks to all of us.", '"Is that your phone? ...*brrrrriiiiinngggg* .... "mabye" XD', "'I'd like to completely reconstruct what happened.'  - Ron Johnson\n\nWell, you're in luck, because if you don't investigate, there's bound to be another far right insurrection for you to observe closely.  You absolute tool.", 'Fanone continues to prove his courage.  While battling P.T.S.D., he puts himself out there by articulating and supporting virtuous behavior.', 'We all know that Nancy pelosi and friends told the police to stand down. Hold the real crooks responsible.', 'Good job 👍', 'About DT\'s reinstatement ideas I would say in my mother tongue "der dramt vo Weisswuerscht" or even more drastically "dem hams ja ens Hirn eigschissn". Sorry, but i don\'t know how to express that in English to give anybody a feeling how lunatic his behaviour is..', "This is why the Rep voted against the commission they know damn well they played a part in it. example Cruz was also chanting hatred before Jan 6 and he wasn't the only Rep to do this type of atrocity", '"This isn\'t a country that I want turn over to my children..." - Wow, what a statement! Great respect to say this so openly and honestly!', '“Blue Lives Matter” until they don’t.', 'We need to stay together brothers and sisters! We should chose our leaders no politicians should.', 'GOP loves law enforcement.... yeah right only for their political image', 'We already know the roots causes of Jan. 6... Fear of the Great Replacement.', 'This guy is one who has his head on straight,', 'I want justice for him and what he had to deal with.', "In case you haven't noticed, McConnel may as well be a co conspirator at this point.  Shielded the president from prosecution while T was in office, then also said can't prosecute a former POTUS...  He's in on it.", 'This guy is a one in a million type of cop.', 'There are three separate investigations going on not to mention one independent investigation. The commission would have been another side show. Trump is gone Biden is in. How do you like your country now? It is more chaotic than ever.', "they want answers about how the officers were deployed that day, well we want answers to how many Republican's knew what was going to happen that day.", 'Quote "This is not the country I want to hand over to my CHILDREN". GOD BLESS THIS MAN.', 'The insurrection was inside the House of Representatives while 14 year female veterans were outside trying to challenge the results of a mailelection fraud that Jimmy Carter said would happen when he was President.', 'The roots of all this', 'This was a good interview, but these Republicans di nor want an investigation Why?', "It shows that he's been through hell, and the Republican 'No' vote prolonged it.", 'Why is a reenactment needed ? We have it all on film in real time .', 'There’s video of cops just standing around or letting protesters pass by. I saw legitimate protesters screaming at cops to do something but they just stood around. I think you should get some of THOSE cops under oath to say what there orders were!!\nIt was not an insurrection. That cap died of a stroke. No guns were confiscated!  Sure they made a heck of a mess with some minor damage but nothing like  Portland that you said was a peaceful protest!!', 'United We Stand !!!', 'Unbelievable!', 'Honorable man - we need MANY more like him', 'This cop has to know that police play politics as well. They help protect the lynch pin. Police will step on a police from time to time to protect it.', 'Wish I was there to give Officer Michael Fanone a hug. I can only imagine on that day  what he and others had to go through at the Capitol. I once heard a  saying "I am falling and I  cant get up" that is what is happening right now in America. Officer Michael Fanone and the other Officers on that date experience what is to come but with a twist to it and the only way out of it is to be prayed up. Time always tell. The seen and unseen. 2 Corinthians 4:18', 'True grit. ✌️', 'I feel you bro', '"I don\'t endorse policians, I do endorse people.\' This man makes so much sense. Listen to him America and ACT on what he is saying.', 'Two peas in a pod!', 'Wow THANK YOU #MichaelFanone', 'Well said sir.', 'I always said if that crowd had been black and did the same thing this would be a whole different  ballgame', 'Get to the bottom of it or the top. Follow the money!', 'I feel sick to my stomach watching this video (+ one where Mike almost lost his life). Then you have Brian Sicknick\'s mom who lost her son... all because of the lies promoted by a sick ex president. They are both in Washington begging these Republicans to do something that should be a no brainer - to support an independent commission (not that a commission is even needed to come to the conclusion anyway!)... seriously, have these Republicans completely lost their souls? I was going to say "lost their conscience" but then I realised that many of them have lost that long time ago anyway. I could not imagine the trauma Mike must have gone through.... can not imagine Brian\'s mom\'s pain. The Republicans who continue to cling to Trump are true cowards. Enough said.', 'Hope it does!!! We want our freedom back!!!', 'I wish you would run for office. We need more people in politics like you, instead of MTG. Humanity is to government as insanity is to political parties.', 'A true American Hero...Thanks Mike', 'The impossible bath optionally bow because bow simulteneously like minus a garrulous traffic. adaptable, ruddy team', 'This is one hell of a man who has been majorly busted up.  Broken and not sure if he can ever get it together again.  The trauma of being restrained and attacked is a huge event.', 'Such a nice guy and the GOP are letting him and his colleagues down so badly. Hopefully we will let our feelings be known at the polls.', 'How about a commission on BLM and Antifa?', 'I really feel for this officer, he deserves to know exactly how and who made Jan 6 happen.  I would definetly be questioning why capitol police should be protecting those who do not care enough about them to form a bipartisan commission to find out.', 'Your country is in a very sad place, so divided and this will be progressive', 'Meanwhile, liberal cities still BURN 🔥', 'Michael Fanone BIG SALUTE! World wide Role model COP, Standing for REAL VALUES', 'And I’ll bet you they STILL will vote for the people,that did this. I can almost guarantee it.', 'We need more OFFICERS like MICHAEL FANONE .', 'Flynn shouldn\'t get off the hook even partially just because he "walked it back" later. This is too kind. His walk back statement is a blatant lie which is now the new reality. What he said was clear as a bell. Nail his ass! For the sake of us all, nail somebody for something.', 'I’ve got one question, Where’s the other Capital Police officer’s? Every last one of them should be on strike!', 'This man put his life in the line for the very people trying to deny this happened.\n\nHow ungrateful can you possibly be when a few officers died protecting you???', 'Why do we need a commission? Isn’t that what the FBI is for SMH', "It's still so baffling to think that this happened in the United States.", 'What good would an investigation into corrupt politicians when it would be run by corrupt politicians? GOP isn’t just protecting itself, it’s protecting all of Capitol Hill.', "History will be truthful... I'd change my name to spare future relatives the grief of ridicule and judgment.", "Mike's a stand up guy", 'I am so glad that Don Lemon is giving officer Fanone this platform,  you can see that officer Fanone is clearly traumatized.  I pray that officer Fanone will be able to overcome what happened to him on that horrific day,  the Insurrection that Donald Trump incited!!', 'God Bless you', 'Michael Fanone, an example of intelligent empathy and with a very clear lesson message for the deliberately negative, demoralizing and destructive behavior of the republican clique!', 'Plus since when does Cnn care about police or the military ! Look at Portland and Seattle Federal court houses and Police stations burned to the ground.', 'I totally agree with you sir!', "We're all sickened from the republican party voting against the investigation into the capital insurrection please vote", 'I say leave the insurrection up to the people and lets vote on a commission. The Republicans cannot be trusted to do whats right.', "Wonder who he voted for?\nWho says , trump?\nDon plz ask. \nIf he did how's he feeling now?", 'This is one of the guys that was holding the door open and letting the protesters in...', 'put up signs around the Capital ,just like military bases stating" lethal force is authorized" I\'ll bet problem solved. Arm them just like the German police , hand guns are back ups', 'Why are considerate and intelligent citizens being shouted down when they show empathy for their fellow Americans. Anti- democratic violence has a long history in this country. McConnell is a failure.', 'Compulsory voting in the USA must become part of the agenda. If we can sign up our young men for the draft in high school, we can register every citizen to vote in the year they turn 18 the same way.', 'GODZILLA APPROVES!!!    * STANDS UP AND CLAPS  *', 'Anyone with one neuron between their ears KNOWS what the root cause of the insurrection was.   Trump. And he should be indicted for it cause people died.', 'someone put that phone on silent cmon already', 'The whispering leather primarily wish because conifer genetically melt beneath a childlike air. devilish, glib tray', 'I am glad that you are all right Officer Fanone.', 'I would like him to run for office.', 'I don’t want to leave this country to my kids either! We need to stop the madness   Truly terrible what the republicans are doing    This officers pain is felt by many for him amd for our country', 'Notice no Fox News, OANN, NewsMaxx will invite him to speak', 'What a disappointment it must be for him to see republicans loose their backbones in what should easily be a bipartisan effort to get at the truth!', 'I am glad that Liz Cheney has the guts to speak the truth about January 6.', 'I hope hes okay and getting the trauma care he deserved.', 'Would you buy a used car from this gentleman?', '"Those that are guilty never want transparency" - Just some dude you know', 'The “bottom of this” is that Trump waited 90 minutes for word that any one of the four targeted official were dead, thus, justifying martial law and indefinitely suspending the Constitution.\n\nThat’s all Trump wanted, ie, to be dictator for life.\n\nThe way things are going, that’s more than a 50-50 bet.', 'So much for the for the Blue it make me sick I really couldn’t believe how Mitch done to this cops, that protect his but,  that cop seems like a good person ... I like what he said about the way this country is heading he don’t want his kid to live in it and I agree I don’t want my babies growing up in no hateful crazy World America can do better stop the big lie!', 'Michael you did a sterling job on the 6th.\nThat this behavior was permitted to occur is still shocking to me.\nThis has never been an issue before 45 took office now look how divided America is.\nShocking and Disturbing to say the least.', 'WOW what it must feel like having to grow up in these times. Having to see a country you had always been told stood for giving every man a fare shot crap on voter rights like the countries you had been taught to fear, then having to watch grandpa tell the whole world hes a racist A-hole. OH yeah and so is  your aunt who cooks the good Mac&Cheese and your cousin who helps change your flat tires oh yeah and your mom who once said “god is love” to you.\nDamn that’s heavy', '" I dont want to leave a country like this for my children" He is spot on and I\'m sure everyone feels the very same about this God awful GOP....esp after the tragic cult Trump created to the people who are not quite there CONCERNING reality and obviously never learned basic norms, such as morality,  compassion, contributing any good we can for our country and people, in short, tragic & dangerous INDECENCY  mostly. God bless America and justice will prevail!!!!', 'This makes me so sad', 'Anyone with eyes and ears knows exactly what the root cause of January 6 is, hence the Party of Trump blocking everything they can. Trump and his enablers are the worst thing to EVER happen to the United States period.', 'The receptive birch secondarily wash because energy immunologically serve afore a left tanzania. loving, dirty fall', 'He sounds like bam mangera 😂', "They need to support Nancy P efforts to investigate, don't give into these Republicans.", '"... CRY, CRY, CRY, BABY!!!!!\nCRY BABY!!!!"\n~ Janis Joplin', 'I have some real sensitive information on Benghazi the The Secretary of State  some first hand experience in Benghazi, and some things about Sen. Chris Stevens I think needs looking into? This well  what pops up', "The GOP's war on truth continues...", 'I’d rather have this man who has integrity be in a political spot rather than mr trump ever again,   Let’s learn our lesson and  grow not go back to ignorance. May you have a blessed day thank you for speaking out!', 'He looks completely distraught, Everybody that was there needs to start telling the truth Mitch McConnell has to go and we just want our country back.', 'Those that oppose it are traitors.', 'Every decent citizen in the country needs to remember what the Senate did to reject investigating this crime and that includes the Republicans who rejected the election results.', 'He should run for senate.', 'All the sudden CNN loves cops?', 'Everyone knows you can talk to a tree and get further ahead than a Republican!', 'NELLIS AIR FORCE BASE\nSERGEANT Robert has alford green where is my two daughters karee and Jahmela and their 7 children and what have you done to them.', 'poor guy putting all his faith in cheney and pelosi, good luck, i guess?', 'If this guy was responsible for responding on Jan 6, then no wonder they got overrun.  He takes 5 run on sentences make a single point.  Slowly.', 'Salute you officer fanone..you are a true American hero..with respect and love from singapore 🇮🇩', "Trust me Ron Johnson...your version will never be the one kids read about in history books 50 yrs from now. They'll say you're a coward. Your grandchildren will be ostracized.", 'STOP CALLING HIM!!! wives smh', "We the elderly people are very disappointed in GOP's that have went home safe to there love one on Jan 6 bout the officers that died and are still in pain the Republicans party don't want the truth", 'As a former officer, i really feel for this guy. But i have to ask, why are people ignoring the officers that lost their lives during the BLM riots?', "CNN has doctored so many videos from Jan 6 -- adding and removing sound, using footage from other disturbances, showing close-ups to deceive as to the tiny magnitude of an incident etc -- that they are now offering their audience what is effectively a fictionalised made-for-TV version of that day.\n\nThis is a con CNN has played on its audience for decades, and yet some people are so dense they'll just mindlessly accept what CNN tells them without engaging any part of their brain.", "I really don't understand how the Rep party is getting away with treasonous activities. They are NO more the GOP. They are no longer grand.", 'McCarthy McConnell tag team need to go!\n\nThis guy should get some of the other state Capitol police together to do their own investigation. Who better to do this as they were there, they need to ferret out the enablers.', 'Sen. Ron Johnson just made the case for the formation of a Senate committee to investigate the whole damn thing!', 'The awfulness of this event will never dissipate.', 'we need some evidence so we can send trump on the great one way ticket.', 'This guy (officer) is just trying to find out what happened and how I don’t wanna or think it’s supposed to be any more than that', 'Someone buy this man a beer', 'The astonishing output ecologically close because riverbed implicitly attempt amid a breezy cactus. sneaky, bouncy sunflower', "What is it about this riot that some people don't understand? It was a riot. A group of people decided to disturb order and create chaos.  Just as we have seen in many other American cities over the past year, and are still witnessing. \nWhat's so special about this one riot?", 'FOX needs to put this man on their show.  Will they do it?  No.  Why?  Because this network is neither compassionate or honest.', 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Implied_powers', 'Mike you are a hero.', "As someone observing the United States from the outside, from a country that has been and remains an ally and friend... What the **** is going on?\nThese past 5 years have been a complete horror show. It's frankly sad to witness. There is no longer two parties running for office. One party has mutated into a cult of lies, authoritarianism and insurrectionism. It's truly shameful.", 'well we still have a problem what going  on actually in  The Peoples House? I would say this administration has us on the right track?', "I have a house in Sullivan County NY, the rural people up there are entirely pro-insurrection and wish they were there with their own guns.  Despite evidence like this they think that DC law enforcement are on their side.  Jan 6 was the tip of an iceberg. Trump's psychotic hold on rural America is greater than ever and he really needs to be put behind bars.", "*I'm expecting a landslide win come 2022 and 2024 elections for Independents and Democrats. as long as Republicans don't undermine the elections.*", 'Jesus still talking about the capitol riot', 'As the Republicans have basically said, _"Nothing to see here"_ when it comes to the 6th Jan insurrection, it is bound to happen again.', "let's investigate Benghazi for the 20th time.", 'I spend a lot of time Colombia and I know two women down there that fled Venezuela. They told me this is how their crisis began.', 'Imagine still believing cnn lol', 'The answer to the officers question about how we got to tis point is very simple, trump! Nothing else needs to be said!!! He needs to be charged and convicted for ALL of his crimes!!!', 'Thank you, Officer Fanone. We need more courageous Americans such as you.', "DEMOCRATS WAS BEHIND IT, PELOSI'S SON WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF IT", 'Ron Johnson can reconstruct the Insurrection story all he wants. It won’t change the truth and truth does will out in the long run.', 'The whole world saw what happened on January sixth! People and the ex President need to be held ACCOUNTABLE 🇨🇦🙏', 'One broken window,  Who opened the door to the capital and let them in?', 'Oh so now we like the police? Huh.', 'His eyes confirm his trauma.', 'The Republican Party died some time ago,and what has taken its place is a group of Machivallians who are Facist. Black folk, in this country, have been congniseint of this fact for centuries.', "I don't know what state Officer Fanone comes from but he should run for office. He probably should even run as a Republican to teach them about empathy and compassion.", 'The golden idol worship has a lot to do with this problem', 'Ron Johnson is guilty of sedition. Period', 'what humble genuine american patriot', 'Well buddy Liz wouldnt have been so gracious to you and your family if you were Muslim.', 'Mitch McConnell frantically calling to offer a "charitable donation".', 'When the authorities break the law, THERE IS NO LAW!', 'Is he a new cnn show or something now? He seems to be on evry day. Was his story THAT important?  I mean 365 days a year is too much', 'Maybe if you stopped calling it an insurrection and called it what it really was, an attempted coup', 'Now THAT is the kind of man we need leading this country, not protecting its leaders!', 'The hungry lettuce selectively release because touch cosmetically moor among a synonymous beginner. uppity, keen stop', 'As if anyone in their right mind would ever trust Senator Ron Johnson.', 'I am sick to my stomach. This police officer got his as kicked to nearly death and had a heart attack.\nKarma coming quick to Mitch mcconnell!!', 'Which one shot the unarmed Air Force vet?', 'Sicknic died from two strokes a day later was proven on video that he was never struck in the head The story was even redacted so cut the crap', "Speak up Michael. Don't hold your tongue!", 'I watched the whole event that day.  It was a sorry thing to see.  I know the officers were so outnumbered and unsupported.  It\'s a miracle and testament to them that it wasn\'t much worse.  And it was bad.  To suggest that Sicknicks death was "natural" is cruel.', "I just can't reconcile how no one is talking about the choice to put so few of the 2,500 Capitol police force in that position on that specific day.  It was a well-known, highly discussed, obvious day to reinforce police and grounds protection, given the indicators of plots to attack or stop the ceremony.  Why were so few police deployed there that day?  Why isn't that a major topic around this issue?  If anyone should be talking about it out loud, it should be this specific guy.\nI'm baffled, and I have heard no answers.  The leaders of the police knew about the situation.  They had access to 2,500 officers.  All of them could have been armed and authorized to use deadly force.  What happened?  Why isn't this a great big, hairy deal, but no one is discussing it?\nForget a commission.  Just have the conversations out loud, on TV.  Put it in the paper, and on the internet.  Leak it like it's a secret.  People will eat it up.  You say there's a problem.  I say Show Us Proof.\n#SUP", 'That police officer was right it all starts with empathy', "I'm sure all the countries around the globe looking at this, bcuz of the simple fact we're going at war wit ourselves. And it's embarrassing. So how can our country heal if most of it's parts are constantly missing and divided?", 'Can we just elect this guy to office? Lol', 'Even, measured, thoughtful and well-spoken, Fanone is a model for fellow Americans to aspire to be like. Fanone embodies the paradigmatic American patriot. I unhesitatingly recommend Fanone for the "Medal of Freedom."', 'This guy Mike has a lot of PTSD i hope he gets help.', 'Wow, more paid actors!', 'I think Mike Fanone should run for a Senate position.', 'Republicans as a group should hang their heads in shame.  Thank you, Officer Fanone, for your courageous defense of the Capitol, even including the ungrateful, unworthy members of the Republican party.', 'Michael Fanone is an incredible and very amicable person. I hope many will follow his role model.', 'Next time a republican says back the blue remind them of this.', 'Glad to see that American elite are wising up to the dangers of any possibility of Trump playing a hand or being involved in politics.', 'Become a social worker.  Lol', 'If Mc Con All was a Christian the proper label for him would be a heratic.', "This is so refreshing. This man's outlook and opinions give me hope. He should run for office.", 'The resolute key sequentially pause because beat parenthetically succeed forenenst a lamentable ex-wife. embarrassed, curved person', 'I actually feel dumber after reading these posts.', "The commission isn't going to happen.  The corruption runs too deep, on both sides of Congress.", "This is an honorable man. We need him in politics. If more cops were like this guy, there'd be many less black killings by cops.", 'Fanone: "Nancy Polosi is a pretty damn great person." \n\nNancy Pelosi: to the ReTrumplicans  Checkmate! ♟👸🏆🥇😌', 'Must have been really scary to have a busy of people walk around take pictures and site see.', 'You see how they do the U.S soldiers..', 'As a viewer from overseas I don’t understand why sensible, awakened GOP voters couldn’t take over this party and make an inside coup to get rid of those cowards and corrupt reps.  Shameful.', 'If Mitch McConnell’s despicable stunt doesn’t deserve CENSURE, nothing does.', 'Michael Fanone I’m really sorry for your pain , you are a great American hero 🇱🇷🇨🇦', 'Never let this go. Do not stop.', 'John McCain prob was a good man till Keane and him meet in Politics?', 'His getting a phone call to stop talking loll but for real you got to respect this man.', 'I totally agree with this hero', 'Huge HONOR & RESPECT for Officer Fanone- he IS the definition of a REAL AMERICAN PATRIOT ✊', 'It still obvious from the "dislikes," that almost a third of the viewers are still anti-American and would probably love to see our Nation destroyed.  These traitors to our Country need to be behind bars, and some should be there for "life."', 'Justice should be swift on the liars and the mob. What’s the hold up?', 'Huh did he also speak up when there was attacks by the protesters and deaths against citizens (businesses) in the USA and officers all over the Usa months and months before this?', 'So you guys only like police when they do what you tell them? Funny', '“This isn’t the country I want to turn over to my children”. I understand and it makes me sad and glad I don’t have children to turn it over to', 'If it was secret vote 95% would be for it', 'The right wing only likes cops on their side be careful dude', "Unfortunately, compassion and reality doesn't get viral YouTube hits or media attention. Hate, demonization, lying and division, on the other hand, can make you a social media millionaire and maybe even get you elected (again).", "I am sad and ashamed of our elected representatives in congress. That they refuse to investigate the January 6th attack on our country, our democracy and the very people who now pretend it didn't happen\n All because it might reflect poorly on a political party or a former president is disgusting.  How can they be so sure that is what will happen? What if the outcome is entirely different than they appear to be afraid it will be? And why are they or anyone of us afraid of the truth?\nShameful isn't strong enough.", "I Must admit he's a strong fellow most guys wouldn't even regain their senses after that🤔", "If he really cared he be asking why they didn't have back up to help them DEMOCRATS to blame so DON'T talk about that", "I'm shocked!...Don let this guy talk. He typically cuts people off mid sentence and hogs every conversation.", 'I feel so sorry for the capital police officer that died on January 6', "I'm so sorry the GOP didn't care enough about your life to really let the truth be told about that insurrection on January 6. Those people should be held accountability. Period", '"This isn\'t the country I want to turn over to my children." This is a good man. A good cop. A good human being.', 'Officer Fanone and all the officers who defended our democracy are brave and noble.', "This guy has been speaking truth since the beginning. Just shows the GOP doesn't care about anyone but themselves and their golden idol.", 'The country flipped on the steps of the Capitol 1/6/2021. Integrity and honor was lost for all Americans. Justice was not pursued to right the wrong. 💞🙏🏾💞 God forgive us. 💞🙏🏾💞', "90 million people want a commission to investigate Jan.6. If you go against the will of these people, don't forget you are doomed.", 'The ultimate betrayal.\nMethinks Fanone will be voting democrat in future.', 'Fake interview by Don “Low Ratings’’ Lemon', 'every one of those clowns got to go home, the cop didnt', 'It takes a soul to care, it takes a lack of one to succeed in politics.', 'Lol...defended against 3 broken windows ?', '"I dont endorse politicians(or parties one may say too), but i do endorse people." \n\nSomething every American should live by.', 'I like this dude', 'Get tough Democrats!! You are being walked all over', 'Most of Our Security Police at The Capital Fought Bravely to Protect it and All Lives in it..\nTrump,His Family , His Inner Circle and Pure Conspiracies is Responsible for that Attack..\nThere must be Accountability..', 'this cop doing his job,', 'Jan 6th has been investigated and it is over. In the meantime riots in Portland are ignored. CNN is divisive.', 'He should try to send himself to a seat and re-place one of the bad politicians he is talking about. He would get catapulted there if done right.', 'Ali Alexander come up with the idea.\nWhere is he?\n\nSo many who were involved in the insurrection, including Trump, planned that attack.\n\nOver a lie. A lie.\n\nThe truth will come out.', 'Does Fox know about this?', 'It’s unsettling to see how little moral some people have, and that’s exactly what we up against. I worry about this officer, his eyes tells me the disappointment he feels. To serve and not to receive the respect that he deserves and must go with that effort is heartbreaking. Please God protect this man and his fellow officers, bless them all and their family’s Amen,🕊🙌🏻❤️', 'Defended the capitol, LOL, they led the people in like it was a tour.  What a moron, but then again, it is CNN  LOL', 'I thought Biden had a majority in house and senate... why can he not make a commission happen?', 'This interview is one of the causes of the capitol riot.', 'It is a little late, Mike!!!', 'If only all policemen and women spoke, thought and act as this officer.', 'i wish you wouldnt have said that i dont drink that any more now Thank You its not worth the chance in this crazy world cause obviously conspiracy exist for those of you who have lost their Rocker what about Pepsi? I wont sleep well with OUT my soda', 'All I feel bad is for the police officers and the ppl that work at the capital', 'Nothing like covering their butts to protect themselves! What a bunch of manure!', 'This is NOT the COUNTRY I want to hand over to my CHILDREN.', 'Ron Johnson is an embarrassment to Wisconsin.', 'You notice how people have a hard time pronouncing insurrection? It is not a word that we thought would ever be used so much in the United States. It’s almost as if there is so much disbelief that this even happened that it just doesn’t roll off the tongue.', 'Mike Fanonei I salute you good sir you are a hero not the traitors who attacked the Capital Building', 'We need to find out who Murdered the unarmed Veteran,  Ashli Babbitt! Her family deserves answers.', 'We are officially living in Crazy Town! This is straight up nutz and wicked!!!', "Good on you Michael Fanone. What a shame politicians don't share you wisdom.", 'The GQP and RetRUMPlicans are devolving!', 'Trump or no Trump---- HOW DARE anyone attack our capital?!?  "Honor, compassion and empathy" --- BEST thing I\'ve heard in a long arss time....', 'Is that the one that shot Ashli Babbitt?  Oh wait we’re still not allowed to know that.', 'Kudos to the officer for keeping his emotions in check. You could tell he wanted to break down', 'a true patriot', 'While he experiences cynicismfor his  outlook on "changing hearts and minds" .... i\'m cynical of him actually being a Police Officer.  Police aren\'t in a position to decide on their own to go onto International "News" outlets to talk about cases and give their personal opinions on said cases.; certainly not without repremand. Even Police PR Statements made to the media, are not done in this style/format.  CNN should have hired a better actor, this guy does not read "Police Officer" .... he\'s sitting in studio. Don\'t worry, The Truth WILL come out!', 'Respect...Officer Michael Fanone,', 'I would like to understand which Biden policies and EOs are helping American citizens?  I would greatly appreciate your thoughts!', 'Republicans Vote Yes ✔  for the commission = Self-Incrimination  \nRepublicans Vote No ❌  for the commission = Admission of Guilt', 'Is the FBI INVESTIGATING THE JAN.6 INCINERATION?', 'No matter what GOP does as trap to vote, I WILL VOTE NO MATTER WHAT.', "They don't want a commission because it would expose some people on the inside.", "wow, this guy  makes a lot of sense,  that's. a Rare thing these days, political beliefs aside,...", 'This officer is an American hero🇺🇸', 'The best possible solution but it might not happen.  The solution is for the people to wake up and say enough is enough to Moscow Mitch and to look for alternative solution in the next reelection.', 'Is this the only guy CNN can find to try & state HIS victim case now?', 'It surprises me that capitol police don’t lead an constant protest to GOP over their conduct.', 'We will be knowing the real truth of what happened soon. Those arrested will start spilling the beans when plea deals are offered.', "It's SHOCKING TO SEE WHAT HAPPENED ON JAN 6/2021 & THE GOP DON'T WANT THE INVESTIGATION OF SUCH A VICIOUS ATTACK ON DEMOCRACY.  I WONDER WHY? COULD IT BE THEY KNOW THAT MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ARE INVOLVED? & WILL BE EXPOSED!!!"], ['"Why don\'t they, uh..Talk to us?"\n\nDude, we\'re a species that can\'t even handle the fact that we come in different colors. Would you talk to a species like that?', 'There are UFOs! Bob Lazar: "I told them already..."', 'Imagine telling another being not from our planet that it “violated our air space” 😂😂', '"We have an unknown threat..."\nReally? Because I\'m pretty sure if "they" were a threat we\'d be toast by now. 🙄', 'Human: "So what do you use for propulsion?"\nAlien: "Propulsion?! Pfft, primitives..."', "Chris Cuomo: If they're smart enough to reach us why don't they talk to us?\nChris Mellon: When you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals?\n😂😂😂", 'Whatever this thing is, no doubt in my mind that they know more about us than we know about ourselves and human history.', 'This was life changing for me. The judgement, the jokes about my sanity, lost friendships...I have been VINDICATED🌄', '2020 was a weird year. \n2021 hold my beer. \n\nThis is going to be the best information ever!!', 'Aboard the "tic-tac" ->\nAlien 1: We found intelligent life! They have nuclear missiles!\nAlien 2: Nah, look closer, they\'re pointing them at themselves..\n\nTic-tac shoots off to Europa.', 'Stephen Hawking: “if time travel was possible we would be inundated with visitors from the future.”\nUS Navy Chief Master-at-Arms: “this tech is 100 to 1000 years more advanced than anything we have” 😂', 'Telling us the truth softly. They don’t want mass panic. One pice at a time .', '"If you go to the zoo, would you talk to the animals?" Occasionally I do.', 'Perhaps the most important historical event of meeting aliens could happen in our lifetime.....and it’ll be only trending for a day', "When I first became an air traffic controller in 1989 we weren't supposed to say anything about this. It's nice that we've come to the point where you won't lose your medical clearance to do so.", 'That intro was hilarious “at least they are doing something”', 'Lol The side comments at the beginning! 🤣🤣🤣', 'The theory of gravity to us and the facts of gravity to them.', "The fact that they're so advanced and have been here for so long yet haven't attacked us shows that they're NOT a threat.", 'I swear the world in the past 12 months has been a South Park episode.', 'Trying to figure out the "threat" in 2021 when it\'s been happening since God knows when. If those things were a threat we wouldn\'t be here right now.', 'As a matter of national security, we need to determine whether this technology is from a foreign adversary such as Russia or China.', '“When you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals?” LMAO', "They're eventually going to show us who really is in control of 'our' air space.", 'This decade has certainly been interesting so far.', 'This is awesome :D I love this life no matter how crazy it gets.', 'min 6:10 "when you go to the zoo...do ya talk to the animals?" HOLY SH$%... A quote for the ages. Chris Mellon pretty much sums up all 12 000 years of human history, folks.', '"As if congress doesn\'t have enough on its plate, not that it\'s doing anything with what is on its plate, they\'re now looking into UFO. at least they\'re doing something.." oh man its so funny haha', '“I’m a facts first kind of guy”. Oh that’s a good one, Fredo.', 'What’s funny is that it’s beyond human understanding to realize that other beings might completely lack aggression or any of the human emotions.', 'At least at this point it sounds like "whatever" is simply just observing. To what end? Sure, that\'s a concern... (PS: Can\'t believe I managed to live long enough to hear this news hahahahaha!)', "Can't wait for _Independence Day II._ This trailer is amazing!", "We will see the UFOs in my lifetime.....I can't  wait.....but one thing is for sure.  These are scary times 😳", 'Christopher Mellon, you are our hero, because of you, this thing got exposed.', 'Man I’m waiting for the day I turn on my phone and see “breaking news” aliens are real and it is confirmed ... It’s gonna be a hell of a ride', 'The biggest threat to the USG is coming out of Mar-a-Lago and the right side of the aisle in State and National Legislatures.', "Chris looks like he's aged 15 years since his brother's been in trouble.", 'The thought of another superior life form watchings us is extremely creepy!', "I've seen 3 so far.strange feeling to see something you can't explain.", '“Why don’t they talk to us?” \nWe can barely talk to each other lmfao', 'C\'mon Mr Chris say it! "THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE"\nMulder, where are you at?', '"explains tech witnessed"... I would say this is not "intelligent life" writing this headline, although I\'ve read some of the best written comments below on YouTube videos. Congradulations to the intelligent people that are interested in this subject!', 'Meanwhile if this had happened a thousand years ago, we be hearing about a visitation by an angel.', '"I\'m a facts first kinda guy." - Cuomo...LMFAO', "Aliens: we have been trying to reach you about Earth's extended warranty", 'We are an ant farm to them as they watch our progress and development on our planet.', 'When I was in Radar communications we were ordered to never speak of anything that was against protocol.', 'When you eliminate the impossible, what ever remains, however improbable, must be the answer 🤷\u200d♂️.... they’re from another dimensions!!', 'Having recently viewed some vids on the universe and how expansive it actually is, and just how much time it took the light from those universes to reach us, it\'s stunning to know that if those "objects" are here from another universe.. they may very well be hundreds of thousands if not millions of years more advance than we are. Just wow.', 'Are we finally going to give credit to those that have been warning us about this issue many many years ago and have been labeled as “crazy” ?', '"If they are that smart, why will they have to talk to us.... If you go to the zoo, do you talk to the animals??\'\n\nCNN Correspondent On Recent UFO', "The way these UAP's move suggests extra-dimensional as well as extraterrestrial origins.", 'Imagine the outcry from those with power and money if we had options of quitting the rat race and going to explore space.', "I'm just glad that the world is changing for the better: fair trade, electrification of cars, and people not being made fun of for talking openly about ufos", 'This is the beginning of the biggest news of our lifetime and has less then 1 million views. Wild.', 'Great Moderation and Interview 👍', "Chris Cuomo: If they are smart enough to come here, and have such advanced technologies, why don't they talk to us?\nChristopher Mellon: Well if they are that smart, what would they have to learn from us? when you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals?", 'It\'s going to be rather stunning to hear from the head of governments that they now admit that, "They\'re here, we are not alone." We have no idea as to their intentions or motivations. They are letting us see them now...why? If their intent is hostile, were in trouble.', 'This reporter will flat out deny them even if green men walk into a stage. He’s made his decision out of closed mindedness. I’m thankful others still keep an open mind!!!', 'Imagine how threatened the department of defense would be if intelligent life was discovered on this planet', 'If we do live in a simulation these could be cursors. Not unlike what we see on our own computers.', 'Excellent, excellent interview. Thanks from England.', 'Great interview Chris!', '"When you go to the zoo, do you talk to the animals?"', '"If they are as smart as we think they are, we are Kind of silly if we think we can guess their motives." Thats easily one of the smartest comments i have heard around this topic!', 'great interview Chris.', 'This a great video...Thank you Chris', 'Lol Joe Rogan covered this on  his podcast years ago', 'Department of Defense - "Yeah, its Aliens...cough-cough...totally Aliens."', '"Truth is often stranger than fiction because fiction must stick to possibilities” - Mark Twain', 'this is my favorite MSM disclosure video so far', 'I have some thoughts. There are 2 main scenarios for these sightings, manmade and not manmade.\n\nFor manmade \nA: All the sightings are phycological events coupled with unique scenarions with equipment malfunctions, misinterpretations, optical illusions, conjecture etc.  and just generally presents evidence that at the end of the day was not a true representation of actual events. In the same manner as that in an airplane crash, many factors built up to the eventual downing of the plane and if one factor was removed from the chain the catastrophy would have been avoided. In all likelyhood, and to our dismay,  this is going to be the most likely finding with different complex factors playing a role in each sightings. \nB: a Well coordinated misinformation campaign by some party that stands to gain something or just enjoy toying with us and I have not heard anybody bring this up as a possibility. For instance, a government entity, a weapons manufacturer. OR just plain fabricated hoaxes, such as a aspiring magician working as a technician in the military and purposfully inputing a fake stream to the IR readouts and just plain faking the entire thing to the screen without anyone realising. This also holds for hacking, I can imagine some foreign power having quite a laugh at the ruccas they caused by hacking some equipment and that is deffinately a scary prospect for the affected army.\nC: Amazing but quite explicable technological advances that once known  seems less mystical than what it initially appeared to be by either a group of individuals, a company or a government. Have a look for instance at plastic invisibilty shields, simple yet effective to some degree, racing drones, amazing new crafts capable of stunning arial capabilities, there are even remote control helicopters as on SUPERCARBLONDIE channel performing absolutely mind boggling feats in the sky. The dubai wingsuite...etc..etc. \nCouple any combination of A and B and C together and voila.\nD: A group or company or nation truly did discover some major scientific breakthrough in propulsion and field manipulation and are actually in possesion of such technology.\n\nFor non manmade explanations we first have to completely and utterly exhaust all of the above, only then does the below become feasible. \n\nA: Frans extra dimensional explenation sure is compelling implying multi dimensional life or just simply multidimensional matter, or energy with no intellectual manifestations.\nB: Aliens in space ships, however I am pretty sure that any alien craft, as is often reported in UFO sightings, , doesnt need any shape or form of lights, other than a byproduct of propulsion perhaps. I dont feel as if there would be an intergalactic travel regulations stipulating 100W LED bulbs front and back, or on each wingtip, as a legal requirement. So I am immediately sceptical of all sightings involving lights.\nC: Another undescovered scientific phenomena having nothing to do with aliens or intelligent life. I cant help to look at the porto rico sighting of 2004 and to me it looks like a flying ball of pure energy, \nD: Time travelling humans, hmmm, maybe not.\n\nBe as it may, I am completely convinced that no human truly grasp the peculiarity of life, existance and consciousness and hence should not alledge to know the true boundaries or purpose thereof so we should support those who venture out a bit in search of these answers. :-)', "I've honestly never seen someone so sure, honest and tired of knowing as Shawn. He seems like the guy that watched the movie 10 times, tells you the ending, and you still don't believe it because you haven't watched it.", 'Damn Chris my guy get some rest and take a break!!', 'During WW2, pilots had a code word for “UAP’s”.\nThey called them “Foo Fighters”.\nIt was quickly decided it was a waste of ammo and fuel to go after them. They were not enemy aircraft, and those “Foo Fighters” seemed to just Troll allied planes.', "''I'm smart!'' - Fredo", 'Sean is a movie star material ... And 👽 have been visiting 🌍 even before human beings', '1983 Wargames ending used Tic-Tac-Toe to help a computer learn not to play wargames. A tic-tac bogie radar is amusing.', "It's about time we look deeper into it.", "Well, times are changing. Those of us who have always believed that we are not alone, and have never been alone, won't seem like we're crazy anymore. It's time for us to evolve in our thinking and understanding of the world and the universe. The time has come.", 'right on point, assuming their motive is just nonsense, like an ant assuming why we are making a road', '"They\'re made out of meat."', "you dont need confirmation from both men's for ufo existence ffs..\nand yes its worth discussing", 'The only credible news story from CNN in recent times, thanks.', "We know the optics and geometry of the released videos.  We have guessed what some of the items are but can't really be sure. The government should try to duplicate the videos with known objects to see how close they are.", 'The shade thrown in the intro lol I’m here for it', 'When you go the zoo you dont talk to the animals...hahaha so true.', 'I cannot, for the life of me, comprehend that all the sci fi I love so much, might be a lot more sci and a lot less fi in a few weeks if reports start confirming things left and right. \n\nI doubt it will happen... but the fact that aliens existing is a real potentiality is insane. Incredible. Utterly incredible.', 'Standing ovation for people like Lue Elizondo, Chris Mellon, Sean Cahil, Commander Fravor and others whose level headed and educated approach has brought credibility and seriousness to a topic that has been ridiculed for far too long.  I wish Stanton Friedman was still here to witness this.', 'They’ve already been here in human form. They live among us !', 'This is real, I really believe this is so...\nSean is really good looking guy... and he and anyone who speaks out the world should listen ...', "If it's proven that we are visited by supreme intelligent life, when do we involve our religious leaders in the conversation?...These might be the source of our being on this Earth.", 'What if they just want to be boys? Crack open a cold one and just be friends with the neighbours', "If they're telling us this much, they know a lot more.  I wonder what's really going on.", "Cuomo, you're still the smartest kid on the short bus!", 'Do they show up only to the Americans or are there sightings in other countries too?\nI mean, are Russians and Chinese observing the same phoenomena?', "I'm sure some scientists speculated intelligent underground-dwelling species predates man on this planet. Man is very limited when it comes to exploring earth's oceans and seas which includes the myriad of caves and caverns never discovered.", 'You,  Frido! are also like the government about UFO’s Covering for your brother in women’s harassment accusations.', "This is for real? I can't believe they're actually coming forward with this now. I suspect there's a big reveal coming very soon that's gonna shock us all", 'This is the least ratio’d CNN video I’ve seen in years 😂.', 'That was eye opening', '"I\'m a facts first kinda guy." Oh? Since when??', 'All options are scary: whether aliens or other countries spying on us. I am going to assume every nation has seen them but we don’t talk to each other because we don’t know if it’s a weapon or what.', 'I was a skeptic until the New Yorker article came out recently, and I did a lot of research because of that article. There is a lot of information out there now, from credible people. And I am 100% convinced now that this is real and happening. For all the skeptics out there, start doing some research. You owe it to yourself. This is one of the most important times in all of human history happening right before our eyes. What a time to be alive!', "Leave it to CNN (the boomer network) to pick up on this story months after it's been common knowledge to anyone with an internet connection.", 'If these videos have been confirmed by the Pentagon and they’re real, then our future is going to be quite interesting, if not frightening.', "We can hardly see it and they know the tech, amazing. It's not even real, it's on a screen.", "Maybe the gov finally did something with all those patents they've been collecting.", "There's a starman waiting in the sky. He'd like to come and meet us but he thinks he'll blow our minds.", "We're not saying it might be extraterrestrial technology, but what we're saying it might be extraterrestrial technology.", "This video raises a lot of questions. Namely, what's he prattling on about at the end?", 'Fredo seems skeptical of the alien theory', "Interesting. Three points I consider throughout all of this. They've been seen going in and out of the oceans. Life in our oceans have had millions more years to evolve than any other form of life. The NAVY is responsible for dealing with the matter of UAPs and UFOs, but not the airforce or any other branch of the military. ... I wonder 🤔", '“You’ve got a friend on this platform “ when talking about UAPs. \n\nWe’re almost there. 60 minutes, CNN interviews without any ridicule. Wow, what a time to be alive.', 'great videos.  Can we get one with normal human light visible range please. otherwise i\'m calling "wag of the dog" on this', "Foo Fighters are as real as Dave Grohl 👽👀\n\n\nWhere's Jeff Goldblum when we need him?", "I'm from Jamaica, an me an friends always seeing these things in the sky...at night time...we always wondering what is it as well,", 'Simply advanced DoD programs and a good cover story to cover the capabilities.   Sham story....take it to the bank.', "2020: I'm the most unexpected year,     2021: let me introduce myself", '" To Serve Man..is a cookbook...aaaahhhhh"', "Human Mutilation Phenomenon - it's real and should concern anyone looking to make friends with our secretive admirers 👀", '"we know what they aren\'t..we just don\'t know what they are"', 'Israel: "that tic tac is a Hamas HQ"', 'This is amazing and represents a paradigm shift. Possibly the most world altering news that humanity has ever had...', "It's beyond our capability to even record it clearly let alone do anything about it.", 'Again the big show has begun 😂😂👍🏻', 'that jab at congress at the start lmao', 'i think its really cool and interesting that this Hot News was dropped when palestine was big in the news cycle lol', "This topic needs way more coverage. We need to study and find out wtf these things are that people are witnessing. We also must keep an open mind to the origin of these crafts. I find it incredibly unlikely these things have a human origin based off the reports and capabilities they've been recorded doing.", "How do we know that this isn't some sort of hologram or projection that can be picked up on radar? Do we know for sure that these are solid objects?", "It's disappointing there's no decent photos or videos of these UFO's. If the military has been observing these objects for years, they have never divulged the approximate size of the UFO's.", 'I hope these aliens will have the right forms filled in otherwise we will put their kids in cages and build a sky wall!!', 'Excelente!', 'Aliens are probably trying to save us from us', 'The green triangle was debunked, but the others (newly released) are very impressive!', 'I wish honest Abraham Lincoln were here.He be like "right on Christopher"."talk to the zoo animals".😂😂😂', 'This is real, I for one believe this is so...', "It's funny how all the videos are low quality infrared images or out of focus ones. Everything looks a lot different in infrared and out of focus.", 'COVID-19 didn’t work now we got a alien invasion😂😂', 'Sean Cahill: "No control surfaces" How do you know they have no control surfaces? Have you been in one?', "Cuomo's mind:  I can't believe I'm talking about this shit.", '"If you’re that smart, what would they have to learn from us? Would you go to the zoo and talk to the animals?" God, that statement is spot on, and so hilarious at the same time! Hey, I would like to add: "Would you truly go to the zoo and talk to the animals who keep killing each other, sometimes even just for fun??"', 'I love that I was born in the 90s. Such exciting times we exist in. I remember growing up being interested in aliens and ufos.', "Well kids, here we go.  It's disclosure time.  I didn't think I'd live to see it happen and I'm glad I get to watch it.  Some will NOT take this news well, but they're real and we need to find out what they are and what they're doing.  These are interesting times.  I've seen 4 in my lifetime and each one was completely different from one another.  Pretty cool.", "Like we haven't known for years ufos exsisted.", 'Send a rover to Mars with crystal clear images and videos and yet here we are with distorted UFO sightings. Some things never change.', 'Man this was actually a excellent interview', "I have a gut feeling that just as 2020 will be in the history books... 2021 is soon to follow. It's making me nervous, but I guess we'll see where this rabbit hole goes.", 'His attitude at the VERY BEGINNING…. Classic narcissist gaslighting', '*Aliens make first contact through a message in their own language*\n\n*Best minds from all countries in the world work together to decipher message*\n\nMessage: "git r\' dun!"', 'First, he says... "To say they are from outer space would be taking what I said out of context."  Then he finishes with "If they are as smart as we think they are then we are silly to think that we can guess their motives."', "Could be Alien and if they placed us here only fair we build them some ships lol, could be Nazis from a secret base / city they've maintained all this time", "I'm somewhat glad that larger YouTube channels and media outlets are beginning to give this topic the coverage that it so desperately needs.", "Maybe they're telling us that we need to unite as citizens of Earth, to end our foolish hostility towards one another because we aren't alone in this universe, and MAYBE when we do get it together it will be a sign that we might be worth communicating with.", 'Alien  "is that Fredo talking about us"\n\nBob Lazar "Nah its just Cuomo"', "Well, I'm in shock", 'When you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals? Lol. Yes I Do', 'Not a CNN fan but I’ll give credit where credit is due, solid interview from Cuomo.', "Lol they're trying to get their hands on that technology 😂 I know they are.", 'Bueatifully spoken?when we go to the zoo do we talk to the animals 🤙', 'Why do they keep recycling the same footage when there has been over a century of research into it?', 'That comment about how you don\'t talk to animals when you go to the zoo is GENIUS.  Besides that I think that with these technological crafts that are being recorded, I feel that to whomever (or even "whatever") is controlling them, they may not only be thousands of years ahead of technologically but maybe even MILLIONS.  To put it in clearer terms, we\'re flying paper airplanes, while they\'re flying "stealth bombers."', "It's might be researching us because it might explain where we come from. Clueless mind's", 'When the navy starts using baseball stadium cameras which can show stitches on a baseball at 500 feet instead of the usual shipboard and airborn camera blurs released to the public, then what is said about UAPs, formerly UFOs, might make sense.', 'Have any countries in Asia, Europe or the Middle East reported these same types of observations?', 'The repetelian animals may have more knowledge of these uncommon phenomenon.', 'This is the most respectful and productive conversation I’ve ever seen on this topic. Good work. 👏', 'Curious if they are reaching out to these pilots with sketch artists??', 'im waiting for the day that US air forces reveal this ufo they developed  maybe in 10 years or 20', 'Oh well, they are checking us out how much we have screwd this Earth😂', "are other countries talking about releasing reports? i would be super interested if after the US releases reports, other countries might be interested in sharing info about them. I mean...once we start making it clear they aren't ours...and they know it isn't theirs...maybe a bit of info sharing might fill in a few pieces of the puzzle that gives us a better picture.", 'Aliens don’t want to come into contact with us as we can’t even co exist with each other.', 'A prophetic brother of mine foretold this', 'lol, those first 10 seconds, this is what american television is like? xD', 'You might consider interviewing a non-appointed 1st person witness and non-no nothing mellon head that has an actual clue about the subject matter personally?  Shees', 'Yahawahshi will return soon🕎', 'I like how the reporter started out with an arrogant, and dissmive tone then gradually shifted to horrified when he realised how serious they were about it', 'My daughter and I saw one hovering over the neighbors house here in NH late one weekend night last month , crazyyy ,our first experience', "Imagine if they've perfected tech to capture oxygen and they've only come here to harvest Earth's oxygen and thus no need for a conversation with humans at all", 'Vimana(antigravity vehicle) already used in india in ancient time', 'why is cuomo always so perfectly condescending?', 'I am preparing myself watching Star Trek The next generation 24/7. They will need my experience when operating the warp drive at maximum capacity.', 'If the aliens do make an official appearance I hope they appear as Groot or Rocket. Definitely not Thanos. That would scare me. No seriously it would', 'Oooh! Chris is crushing hard on Sean.', "Whether terrestrial or extraterrestrial, it's crazy that such technology exists. We really live in the future", 'Lol that tic tac alien was awesome lol', "These things have capabilities that we cannot imagine, so let's not make them angry", "IF THEY WANTED US DEAD, WE'D ALREADY BE DEAD.", "They are just checking out where the next interstellar bypass is being installed. It's our fault for not checking the plans at Alpha Centauri, it's only four light years away. Come on humanity.", 'anchors face be like "i am looking at it(alien) right know".', "They're eating popcorns while having fun watching us slaughter each other and intoxicate through pollution. They'll move it once we have committed self-genocide.", 'Respect Sean Cahill and Chris Mellon ✌️', "So farrakhan knows what he's talking about,  this is great news brothers and sisters", 'I like the beard!!!', 'They have been aclimatizing us to this as kids in the 60s... Star Trek... Lost in Space..Astro Boy...My Favorite Martian....so there must be something MTF huge for this to get to CNN!!!!!!', 'Iam sure when they try to visit us usa will somehow start a war against them', '"As if Congress doesn\'t have enough on it\'s plate - not that it\'s doing anything with what is on its plate..."\n\nChris Cuomo just won The Congress 2021 Burn - So True, It Hurts Award!', 'This is actually hilarious on some level. All the pro military talk, US is the most sophisticated force on the planet blah blah and our airspace is repeatedly violated by fucking tic tacs that we can do literally nothing about.', 'Aliens could earn a ton of money with that tech on earth!', 'are we on the verge of Disclosure...\nIt seems Obama really lighted the candle ...?!', 'What if they’re from the future, observing us like a live museum, not drawing attention to themselves because they don’t want to be seen. So far everything is under speculation.', 'How does Cuomo still work there?', "How do they know it's a threat?", "It's about time the media is taking this seriously one of the interesting jobs I used to have is to be a bilingual interpreter for Spanish fighter pilots who had encounters with these crafts.. .. folks this has been going on for centuries now FYI we're just waking up now... . Check out Stephen bassett's disclosure project he's been trying to advocate for government disclosure for years now", "The decision to cover this up was taken in the1950's at a time when America was fearful over communism. It was thought that the religious would not be able to accept the truth and society break down. The answer was to make it a joke with excuses such as foxfire, temperature inversions and hallucinations.", "It's starting to occur to me that if a civilization greater than our own actually arrived with their abilities in full display a large portion of humanity would avert their eyes and attempt to pretend it's not happening...", 'I would imagine they come from our oceans before outer space.', 'With this PUTZ doing the story, I wouldn’t believe a word', 'Either way there’s only a few main possibilities regarding the “UAP” operator’s disposition I can think of : 1) Malevolent 2) Benevolent 3) Indifferent/Neutral.  Two of those options are very scary in my opinion due to the implications. Let’s hope for the best but prepare for the worst, although I’m sure any preparation would still not help against an adversary that far ahead of us technologically.  All opinions welcome here, this could be the start of a crazy ride in 2021.', 'Earthlings !  I am Zogg from Gogg and it was my UFO you saw in the Atlantic.  We were on vacation.', 'Dunno about the UFOS, but every time I see Chris Cuomo now, I think of his conflicts of interest as a journalist. Completely unfit as an anchor.', "And YES!!  I definitely talk to the animals at the zoo!!  What kind of monster visits caged animals and doesn't strike up a kind conversation with them!?!  Of course I talk to the animals.  I don't think they talk back or understand, but they are at least not frightened of me.  Saints preserve us...  This is why we can't have nice things!", 'At least theyre doing somthing hahah', 'Spot on', "I never thought I'd hear them talk about the topic like this.  You're doing the right thing ending this secrecy, too many people paid the price in the past to keep this in the shadows.", "I don't normally watch news reports twice but this definitely got a replay.", 'The intelligence report will be like: we are all screwed the end is near', 'The pentagon evidence looks similar to all the evidence of "WMD" in iraque ...', 'Someone needs to get Bob lazar to work and fast.', 'Just the shear size of the universe makes me think we are not alone.', "Wow, seriously, that's how the US does news?! You do realize this is even more ridiculous than the Orang Utan from the last episode, right?", 'I request aliens to take me first. Am done with earth.', 'Mick West convinced me.', 'It takes reporting in the New York Times for congress to listen to their constituents', "Aliens showing up would be a phenomenal way for us to all get along and cooperate for once, that's for sure.", '"When you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals?" Love it.', "It's Kim Jong Un playing with his drones", "Yes it's been sightings for years but this old evil crazy government have dismissed it everytime smh. Wow", "Public don't need to know we track anything. As a former veteran, I've seen past, present, and future ways to track. The public doesn't need to know.", 'This is the most important topic of our time. Do not let up on this.', 'What an interesting distraction.', 'Bruhhh, Chris looking rough in this one', "Chris Cuomo has no clue what he's yapping on about! But, does he ever?", 'Most of the UFOs show similar behaviour to me fucking with undeveloped species in the game spore when I was a kid.', 'Sadly, once Chris Cuomo is introduced into anything, credibility quickly evaporates..', 'IF „Aliens“ are planning to realy show themselves to us this is probably currently discussed by them. We don‘t know if there‘s already  a union of civilizations, knowing exactly where are inhabited planets but have to estimate if it‘s worth and harmless to face them directly.', '"Oh did you hear about the aliens that are here on earth?"\n"Yeah that\'s crazy wierd right?"\n"I know ! Like I was all Ooo spacemen...Wow!"\n"So did you see that cat video on TikTok today?"\n"Yeah like that was sooo funny".....', "It's like stepping over an ant colony. You may  notice it, you may poke it with a stick and see what they do, before moving on. We're the ants.", "I'm so glad I am living through this right now.", "I am convinced they have been here longer than us.\nWhat did they make of the two World Wars ? No wonder they don't want communication, I think they pity us.", 'The real threat is the Cuomo brothers 😆', 'Prepping us for the next deception.', 'Dark matter propulsion. The universe is mostly composed of it. These craft utilize the dark matter force properties to solve problems of inertia,  molecular cohesion  and centrifugal forces. We stand at the greatest most important crossroad of our existence. Whether to expand and explore  knowledge of these clean powerful  new technologies or stay in the stone age and burn coal...', "Holy shit the main media actually covering this now.WOOHOO it's finally coming out and look the world hasn't ended.ppl have known about this for 70 years", 'We have star wars for researching about those techs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)', 'The movie "Jupiter Ascending" pretty much explains why they keep checking back in on us......regardless of the Wachowskis sexual identity persuasions depending on whichever is most fashionable (I\'m guessing the Wachowskis experiment with skin color next)...', 'Is this that triangular aircraft with no windows spotted by the government in the sky and flying in one second??', 'It’s a whole fleet of them yes it’s time', 'That zoo line... any of you realize how chilling that is????', 'Aliens are real CHANGE MY MIND!', "We were having this same conversation in the 1970's and we will still be having this exact same discussion in 40-50 more years .. \n\nNothing new here .. let's have this conversation when someone actually knows something", 'So, my question to CNN is, what news are you trying to cover up by spending so much energy on UFOs? What is this big distraction all about? Or, are you so homesick for Trump bashing that you’ve turned to little green men from Mars”.', 'وَيَسْأَلُونَكَ عَنِ الرُّوحِ ۖ قُلِ الرُّوحُ مِنْ أَمْرِ رَبِّي وَمَا أُوتِيتُم مِّنَ الْعِلْمِ إِلَّا قَلِيلًا (85)', '1:40 you can thank me now or later lol 😂', 'people continue to say from where, instead of from when.. linear thinking limits you.', 'Mick West has debunked all of these videos already.', 'So theory that can explain this phenomena, quantized ineria', "They're not here to hurt us but they may be here trying to babysit us. Remember we are kids with matches trying to hurt one another.", 'Let’s be abundantly clear, those Pentagon released videos without the accompanied firsthand testimony of the highly trained and credible Navy pilots/observers, like David Fravor and others, don’t hold water at all.', 'If we were under attack, we would be gone as a species today… my concern is that they (a superior force) will NOT step in and help us when our own forces, our own governments abuse us.', 'Come on guys, what intelligent beings would bother with visiting us.  I see you have real experts talking about something they have ZERO knowledge of - a Navy Chief and an politician.  The real cause of these phenomenon is simple and not alien.', 'When the people doing the experiment find out that there the experiment', 'Imagine if they have been looking for life for billions of years and ended up finding us.', 'Wow - this will be followed by a 3 Trillion dollar request to Congress by the Military Indsutrial Complex. Well played.', 'If i ever want a reliable news source, CNN is always the first one to go to for me :) they never do anyone wrong.', 'Aww jeez,  "cable news network" ?\nAre you serious ?  That\'s like the "pet rock".  How embarrassing', 'Yes, release the secret 🤫', 'Wow the way he said when u go to the zoo do u talk to the animals, major statement for sure.', 'I like how they toss the word "threat" around,  like it\'s supposed to scare us, like this is the new enemy of the month. But, what if this is just bullshit?', 'It’s called cognitive dissonance in enlightenment.', 'Thanks meatball', 'I would imagine the only reason an alien invasion would occur is to mine  our planet for resources, they would surely just wipe us out if needed to get to the honey just like we have done to the planets fellow creatures.', 'This is a marked improvement in the handling of this subject', '"When you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals?" Well, some people love animals, talk to them and pet them. Also, there are scientists who love to study animals and their behaviors. So it\'s fair to expect that aliens would do the same to us.', 'A UFO? Or a bug on the lens of the camera?   \n😂', 'US military officials could be planning to allow the adversaries of the United States to detonate multiple nuclear bombs on AMERICAN soil and cover their tracks by blaming it on “Aliens.”', 'If its aliens then we would want to capture and reverse engineer these things asap', 'This is just bull… we have know about these since Hannibal crossed the alps and before', 'Thanks Lemmino', 'Alien 👽: take me to your leader.\nLeader:  take me to my teleprompter.', 'Cuomo "Facts First Kinda Guy"  hahaha. Spare me please... He "worries" about the safety of his guest? LOL. There is zero evidence or "Facts" of any hostility from any of these UFOs. His unfounded "worries"  for his guests are pathetic. He is not capable to even have a serious interview about a humanity\'s life changing revelations without making smirks and trying to manipulate his guests words. Glad the two guys put him back in his place...Cuomo: "If they are intelligent, why don\'t they talk to us?" Aliens: "If you go to ZOO do you talk to the animals?" hahahahahhahahaha', "That was fantastic. So glad this is starting to be taken as seriously as it should be taken. No matter who or what it is, it's phenomenal. People need to know about this and think of what this means for everyone.", 'May aliens think we are ready to know about intergalactic nation', "I can't wait to see what aliens look like. Tenticals or fur? Automaton or sapient technology? Aliens better hurry up and post some selfies", 'They keep coming up with innovative ways to keep the tax payers occupied while they spend their dollars on unknown ventures with impunity. Bravo!', 'I wanna know who built these "Objects"', '"When you go to the zoo, do you talk to the animals?" Yes.', 'Deuteronomy 32:23 | \nI will heap mischiefs upon them; I will spend mine arrows🔄 upon them🔄🔄🔄🔄🔄', 'Could they be maggot beings blowflys ?', 'Mass effect remastered, how about mass effect in real life. Lol.', 'They have known this for very long time but why now? \nCatch that damn thing otherwise there is no point of discussion', "He's trying too hard to be serious , Chris that is", 'If these crafts are able to know before the flight pilot makes a move on his aircraft, I bet they’ve already scanned all of the US navy ships and are able to control know our technology. We are vulnerable lol', 'US Government: UFOs are real.\nUS Population: Squirrel...', "I'm glad that you removed my comment in which I prove how well you lie and make people stupid. This is called honest journalism xD", "It's been going on for years....and nobody's thought about taking a decent camera on the plane. Total nonsnese.", "There's something out there.. and it ain't no man.  👽", 'Aliens have wanted to make their existence known for a few years now, but feared Trump would deport them.', 'Wait... you dont talk to the animals in the zoo?', "Obviously technlogy is advancing and we can't keep up with it, this is actually scary.\nRather than being nuked we're gonna be toasted or brainwashed", 'No wonder he’s retired, he’s absolutely off his rocker! Why is the media reporting on this so much? The Pentagon really has a lot to gain from getting more public support to help drive funding to research “alien phenomena.” It’s obvious that they 100% know what they’re doing and a lot of you should be more skeptical about these things.', 'Cuomos voice sounds very different', "He had the capacity to be a real journalist and a damn good one at that. It's a shame it was all wasted on becoming a fraud. Never understand it, regardless of the money.", 'They came to me when I was twelve years old, they are identifying theirs, and marking them.', "Honestly the only thing that would be worth their time would be our Earth's resources", 'The Biden Administration is going to have a difficult time explaining this technology exists but we still need trillions of dollars for infrastructure for our old fashioned combustion engine vehicles.', 'Btw, they said this is ours and its being flown by Skunkworks.', "If the June 1st reveal is a let down that would suck, they've been hyping this up for a year now.", 'Nothing is too crazy for american TV now. Everything goes. American "Aliens" haven\'t improved in photo quality since the early 50s.', '1:47\n"The technology that we witnessed with the tic tac was something we would not have been able to defend our forces against at the time"\n\nIf we lose to a flying tic tac I\'m gonna be a little upset', "Wow. I didn't know birds were a threat to 'murican civilization. In Canada, we encourage birds to fly over our aerospace. I knew the average 'murican was light in the head but really? All this over a bird (Another clip is just an aeroplane, probably someone flying their Cessna where they aren't supposed to).", 'Maybe they come from under the ocean?', "They're real... My ten year old son and I saw a 20 feet wide disc in a field over our cattle. It had a blue haze over its metallic hull. I still think this blue haze was some kind of energy field and why we sometimes can't see them... Cloaking device? Maybe.. For God sake don't shoot at them!", 'I think the pandemic has left everyone crazy 😂😂', 'Alien: Control of what!!!!airspace..... We covered a lot of space to find ur little rock in this corner of the universe😆✌💥now let me examine🤫', 'Need to advance OUR technology FAST !!!', 'Give me a video with a detailed image of such an object and not the usual blurry blob or speck bullsh*t, that could be anything, and you have my attention.', 'They don’t need to figure anything out. They already know what it is. They just won’t tell us.', 'A legit military person', 'Cuomo - hold your brother to account.', "let's have some scientists analyze these videos, not one shows credible evidence of any ufos ..", 'Dude is always light on topics.', 'I LOVE that he said "well that would be taking my words out of context".\nThat is CNNs main profession.', "The scary thing is they are watching us and we can't even agree they are there", 'sorry UFO buffs its just a drone https://www.uasvision.com/2020/11/30/ion-propelled-drones-for-urban-cargo-delivery/', "To add to the comment below: If they're smart enough to make and fly craft that's more advanced than anything we have here on earth, why are they allowing us to see them? Or is visibility a trade-off in exchange for advanced maneuvering and speed capabilities? Or are they visible just to show off as their way of telling humans where we rank in the universe?", 'They were here all the time.We know them from ancient Greek Egypt Sumeria etc.', 'What a noble comment from that host ..', 'hes retired ....\n\ncan we here from the soldiers who leaked all these videos', 'Bob lazar needs to be a guest on his show....', 'Why is it so hard to acknowledge that most of these uaps originated off planet??', 'If this really has been going on for so long, what indications are there that they are actually a threat?  Going back to their "animals in the zoo" analogy, they could just be visiting for observation.  But if we treat them as a threat and become hostile towards them, they will probably treat us like we would treat an animal in the zoo that became hostile towards the visitors.  And that rarely ends well for the animal.\n\n(That\'s a big if - I remain sceptical at this point!)', 'Can you still buy TicTac in the uk', 'To the aliens reading this: locate me and come to me please lol can you take me on an UFO ride through the universe? Greetings from Germany👽☺️🌞🛸🛸🛸', 'They have been here for years.', 'Finally something interesting to change our boring reality', '"is possible somebody found us before we found them."  something is about to happen... SOON!', "If these investigators have any respect for human civilization and it's future they'll quit while they're ahead.", 'Think what would happen, in our lifetime, IF they decide to share their tech with us', 'If it was actually a threat we would be gone by now', 'The beginning was funny', "I guess we've hit that time when civilizations destroy themselves, and they're trying to prevent that from happening to us as well.", 'Fredo is such a goofball.', 'They are just babysitting us!', 'An intelligent species perfected technology to visit another planet and observe "intelligent life" in another star system. Instead of advancing thier abilities as a species, that "intelligent life" is debating whether or not a 3 year old child is capable of deciding it\'s gender.', '"Why? Because a retired navy pilot came forward to say he and his crew witnessed an UFO..."\nSweet God in heaven. NO. Because after years of ineffective presidential and congressional pressure to disclose the truth, the leader of the Pentagon\'s UFO task force quit in protest and leaked it to the NYT. The continued leaks and exposure gave congress the ability to twist the Pentagon\'s hand to fess up. There still is no guarantee they will, but at least now, the conversation of ET visitation is starting to get taken seriously.', '"When you go to the zoo do you talk to the animals." A species capable of building something that traverse light years in a few weeks or months would possess technology we cannot even begin to comprehend, it would be like cavemen trying to understand steamships!', 'Jimmy Carter mentioned aliens a few times', 'They are already among us.', 'Read The Lost Book of Enki if you really want to know the answers. 🤷\u200d♀️', "Either aliens or other dimensional beings, either way I hope we don't piss them off.", 'Thought I saw one as a child and it has always stuck with me.   Saw something shoot across the sky much like a shooting star then it quickly changed  direction in like a 90 degree angle without losing any speed at all', "It's not that hard of a stretch to see the stars as the ocean in the sky. there were thousands of settlements here on Earth that had no idea about each other until someone decided to sail off and explore. For all we know we're just the Natives on an island and these beings or at least aircraft have landed on our shores. Aliens existing isn't honestly that far off from what we know as reality.", 'UFOs are like God... the real one never shows up to the party.', 'basically most sifi movies are reall stuff', "It's either outer space or another dimension.", 'Okay - now if this is an alien presence several things have to be assumed:\n- They know us, they know our tech and they read the internet.\n- They are not interested in talking to us, or do so in a way that we have not yet identified - and maybe never will.\n- Area 51 anyone? I mean, how cool would it be if that was at least partially true?\n- They are not interested in destroying us.\n- They are not interested in saving us.\n- They are neutral and just watching us - who knows, maybe you feature in their latest installment of "Watch the Earthling! Primitive societies at life."\nUltimately though:\n- None of the above matters because they are so far beyond us that we won\'t be able to do anything about them or their goals.', 'Now we know the origins of Covid 19 coronavirus.', 'CNN: they come in mostly peace', "Nearly 20 years and I've still not seen a plane hitting the Pentagon.", 'It’s definitely Japanese', 'What if as humans, we messed up this little geode of ours soo much that we had to comeback in time to try to push the rest button???', 'Maybe it is sort of like Interstellar and the UFO is from the humans of the future. It would be mindblown. 🤯', 'TF, man. Did I trip and fall into a new dimension. This past year has been fucking wild!', 'Trying to make them out as a threat', 'I believe it is more likely that these things are interdimensional  or from a parallel universe or possibly from the future than from another planet.', "here we go!! galactic federation has been longing to meet us! we have so much to offer; ramen, bicycles, the bidet, letter box's, things made of wood, glass and steel marbles, the metric system, chocolate eggs and the Phrygian scale. let's share technology :)", 'Could be from an interior world…', 'Does this make the people around the planet less resistant to greater funding being forwarded to the high-tech arms industry?', 'How come the tic tacs dont come and visit a city and end up recorded from multiple angles with cameras that arent all grainy and shit?', 'Authorities are not going to say that "it\'s a weather balloon" this time, right?', 'The revelation that this is real will change everything about how the human race sees itself.', 'Chariots of god', 'If  it was a problem we would have been in trouble a long time ago !', 'they keep calling it a threat .... lol the united states it the THREAT', 'How can you take any news from CNN (clinton news network) seriously? Especially from Fredo himself?', '100 to 1000 years. Muskets/sticks and stones vs nuclear weapons.', 'Its humans far far from the future looking in on their primative ancestors', 'These are out there watching us, every day."  - Lt. Ryan Graves, former Navy pilot\n\nAs regards who and what they are... we have had this knowledge since first we began to write our Human history.\n\nAccording to the written records of our earliest literate ancestors, these "Watchers" ("Annuna" [Sons of the Heavenly Prince] to the Sumerians, "Annunaki" [same translation] to the Akkadians/Babylonians, "Demigods of Manes" and "Shemsu Hor" [Sons/Family of Horus"] to the Egyptians, "BeneHaElohim" [Sons of God{s}] to the Hebrews, etc.) were directly responsible for jump-starting civilization on this planet ~10,000 years ago... after we, as Modern Humans, had languished in squalid hunter-gatherer stagnation for 290,000+ years before that.  And had it not been for them, we might well have continued as essentially illiterate "cave people" and itinerant nomads for who knows how many 10,000s or even 100,000s of years longer.\n\nHowever, as further extrapolated from the evidences, in descending from the skies to assist us at the Dawn of Civilization, they knowingly and deliberately broke... on that one occasion... their own "Prime Directive" (yes.. a la "Star Trek") as Observers forbidding them from direct interaction or interference with us, the Observed.  And while this did break us out of our stagnated state and set us on the road to technological, scientific and sociological development... yet this interference has had long-reaching unforeseen complications, both for them and most certainly for us.  As a result, they "learned their lesson" and since have strictly abided by that "Prime Directive."  This explains why they do not interact with us, do not respond regardless what we do to make contact... nor have they responded even when we have attempted hostile acts against them.  \n\nThis, then... is who they are and why they are here, at least in part.  What we also can extrapolate therefrom is that, as these same earliest records speak of them marrying Human women, siring hybrid children with them and raising them, these "Watchers" must also be extremely genetically similar to us thus permitting them to successfully procreate with us.  And as further evidences validate, these hybrid children were equally successful in siring additional generations, thereafter.  Thus... it would seem that for all intents and purposes... they were/are ... Human.  \n\nMake of all this what you will.  This is my take on the matter... as much as I will share here.  \n\nThanks for your coverage of these events and the far-reaching questions they raise.', 'Them: Take us to your leader.\n\nUs: Yeah. About that. You might just save yourself some time and go ahead and blast us and put us out of our misery.', 'Well said Chris', 'I believe in the existence of aliens before I believe some kinda God is out there.', 'Just some genies out there', 'Alfredo speaks!', 'Notice how it is now referred to as a threat?  They are not even putting "potential" in there anymore. This seems like it\'s a game to convince everyone that this phenomenon is a bad thing', 'He says they are "Violating U.S. airspace" as if it should matter to whatever is piloting those vehicles.', "It's called super cavitation", 'Looks like a bug splat on his windscreen', "It's the chariots of GOD. Bible says they look like a wheel inside a wheel. Angels are inside the ufos gathering information", 'That object looks like a reflection to me...', 'Why would they talk to us when we treat each other so badly?  We gotta get our shit together.', 'Is this all just fake buildup for a non consequential “disclosure?”', 'Why would you go on this meatheads show for this.', 'Whatever it is I hope it annihilates the corruption in the world 🌎', "E.T. could hand with Bigfoot in a UFO on my lawn and fix me dinner... wouldn't phase me.\nNumb now.", 'thanks to internet ,this cant be put under rug anymore.', "That's where we get our technology from there the ones who protect the earth remember there's always someone who's going to be ahead of us and that's them to understand them is like trying to understand a newborn child", 'History channel has had shows about UFOs for how long? Decades? Congress is just now noticing or admitting to noticing?!', 'Also what about the Prime Directive?', 'If aliens come here...bend the knee. Resistance is futile.', '"...not just your good looks..." 5:09 That\'s gonna have me laughing long into the night.', "well as we know wakanda is more advanced than us..so its probably wakanda's technology.", "Maybe they're saying it's an unknown threat because they cannot form a treaty to have these unknowns share these technologies to US Govt", 'We have the ability to counter. It involves destroying the entire planet.', 'Why is this news?! Aliens have been around longer than us all.', 'Maybe the Extra testicle life forms are not allowed by intergalactic law to “Feed the animals” and food could be classed as knowledge. They may be just visiting to see how well their experiment is going. See if it’s time to pick the fruit..... just saying.', 'How did you come to the conclusion that they are a threat? Mind your business.', 'I thought this was old news', 'Ancient history told you so lol and threat for what? What do they want from earth🤨we will visit different planets too just like other life visiting earth. Its normal', "I'm super excited about the release of information about this. Hopefully we'll learn a little more about what is technologically possible at this point and it will disseminate into the civil world.", 'How come the aliens ant getting covid 19?????', "The first video (The one where the pilot gets all excited about managing to get a weapons lock) is a BIRD! It is very CLEARLY a bird! You can even see its wings flapping! With simple trigonometry and THE INFORMATION DISPLAYED ON THE SCREEN you can calculate he birds altitude, speed and size. It is about 2KM in altitude, basically motionless (Compared to the 500MPH fighter jet) and between 1 and 2 meters in wingspan. IT'S A BLEEDIN' SEABIRD!", 'It’s just Tic Tac’s ultimate viral marketing campaign.', "If they're smart enough to come here, they're smart enough to not talk to Chris Cuomo", 'When I was in the USAf it was like, "You see that thing?" "Nope and neither did you."', 'The Space Force Police are the only enterprise fleet who stand between you and hell.', 'Those are not from other galaxies they are just beings of other dimensions predicted by string theory and M theory physics.', "Truth is that they have probably been here all along and we're just to the point that we are able to detect them. Questions that always arise about our existence and origins could be explained and that's a dangerous subject", "Don't get distracted, keep your eyes on the Arizona audit.", 'absolutely brilliant technology! No propulsion, no radar detection, can go at speeds we could never imagine how genius is that', '"We don\'t know", you do because it was staged. ""We\'re afraid", because promoting fear keeps those who respond with like measure in a chaotic state, unable to transform, which you also know. When is CNN going to report something with honesty? When hell freezes over? Have a snowball!', 'They may very well be talking to a select few in government. After lying about UFO’s so long why would government admit that now ?', 'And the country is on the edge of it seat with anticipation of a grand new mystery, never noticing the "aliens" are obviously a parallax view of a bird and a couple vids of distant jet exhaust in IR.', "wait, i'll ask Elon", 'I love how the standing assumption is that a) these phenomena are “vehicles” and b) that they are at least potentially hostile. Human beings are predictably good at finding signal in noise.', 'We are like goldfish trying to figure out the human on the other side of the glass, it don’t matter, we can’t do anything.', 'There are obvious reasons aliens would avoid contacting us. They could be afraid or they could just be studying us and not want to interfere.', 'Shoot a rocket at it already', "Why would something this smart talk to a human when im driving a ship that fast it would be no point. We don't stop and talk to ants", 'damn.. this is kinda exciting', 'Any Non-earth craft capable of getting here and performing at the level we think we see, would not give a damn out our Defense structure or capabilities. They would obviously be way ahead of us. Someone is trying to bullshit someone here. Either Too, any activity in America, undertaken during the last 4 years is highly questionable to me.', 'Thinking, a new flag coming?', 'How is it possible that in 2021 we still have images of UFOs that look like faded x-rays? With modern technology I would love to see a flying saucer in high definition and not the usual blurred and distant images. Can anyone convince me that the Spacers have already arrived on earth?', 'I\'m an alien, and I just wanted to let everyone here know that this is all totally true. \nYour hilarious F/A-18 D "Super Hornets" (oooooh, scary name!) can\'t keep up with our anti-gravity craft that don\'t give one crapola about gravity or aerodynamics. You silly humans with your big scary military toys!  LOL \nHonestly, we really appreciate the levity that you humans reacting to our craft adds to our boring repetitive days. We love you humans and all your reactions to our craft- you\'re so funny! \n\nIf we are really honest with you guys, we are not a fan of the fact that you all can nuke yourselves into oblivion.  That\'s lame. \nTotally.\nLame.\nStop it.\n\nHow many more times do we have to shut down your ICBM bases before your governments finally get it?   Dismantle them in your country and in the rest of the world too.  Make agreements with governments that your government tells you are your "enemy" (What a stupid word and concept!!!) so that you can all dismantle ALL the devices you have created that can split atoms.\n\nYou guys need to put the "genie back in the bottle" or you are all gonna eliminate yourselves in your next stupid world war.\nEvolve or die (by your own hand), humans.\nThink about it.\nThink about your children.\n\nWe feel like we\'ve done all we can to help you guys help yourselves and are, honestly, at a loss at this point.  Good luck.\nYou seem to need it.', 'Get ready for an eventual introduction. 👽', 'They’re babysitting the war mongering nations like the US and China', 'What about the Galactic Federation?', 'Is it a “threat”? Has it done anything threatening? No, no it hasn’t. Disappointing that this is the reaction', 'Dr. Greer and Bob Lazar have to be rolling their eyes right about now.', 'Well, that was chilling.', "Oh look! A new republican hoax to increase the military expenditure. Space Force, right? I can't take you crazy Yanks seriously anymore.", 'If thunderfoot debunked it why do they keep saying its real are they saying this to just militarize space?', "Holy Sh!t....I had a 3.5g psilocybin mushroom candy bar and now I'm seeing UFO's on CNN and pixies on YouTube....and I ain't talking about the band....I need to come down man....please help me come down...wait wait wait...if you levitate again, I'm leaving and taking my chances with the cats.", 'I feel jason momoa is being interviewed ...Chris look like him', 'Funny how Joe Rogan was on top of this story months ago. Finally the rest of media is catching up. But why now. Interesting', 'I\'m not going through 8000-odd comments to check but no one seems to have figured out one possibility for this recent release and admission by the Pentagon. Should the UAP\'s start appearing in the South China Sea with both US and CCP Navies in close proximity, at least they (both sides) can now say, "Hey, they\'re not ours!\'', 'Disclosure is officially underway', 'This video has been out for months UAPs', 'in the billions of years the earth* has been here we once made it off this planet... how fucked up would it be if when we meet the aliens  they look exactly like us because they are us. 👽', 'Christopher Mellon was great on the Joe Rogan podcast…super interesting', 'Quick! Increase the budget. Cuomo makes it a threat - jerk.', "gonna be honest with you guys, that scares the shit out of me...  has been nice being alive, but yeah, we're all gonna die", 'Take a look at the information displayed on the typical FLIR video.  In particular look at the relative bearing at the top of the screen.  You will see that changes with time and keeps the image of the "UFO" centered in the display.   As long as the tracking is maintained the "UFO" appears to move with respect to the sea or cloud background.  Just the opposite is true.\n\nIf you want a practical analog, consider a child riding in the back of a car as it drives through an area with mountains in the background.  If the child absent-mindedly locks his gaze on a specific telephone pole, it will appear to be very fast moving compared to the mountains in the background.  The same thing is happening in the "UFO" videos, the tracking system is locked onto, and specifically tracking, the object of interest.  You don\'t realize that because the tracking is automatic by the gimbal-mounted FLIR camera (Your gaze is Fixed on the object, not the sea surface or cloud background.).  You can see it, however, by observing the relative bearing angle displayed at the top center of the display. \n \nThere is one video named "Gimbal".  It\'s interesting in that at the very end of the video, the object of interest dashes off "at incredible speed" to the left.  The object didn\'t dash anywhere, what happened is the tracking system either lost track or hit an angle limit and the object could no longer be kept in centered view.   That\'s exactly what you would expect when tracking fails to keep the object centered, or at least in the field of view.', "Why does lil cuomo look like he's at his own funeral?", 'Get ready world. Life will never be the same after this', 'Wonder if Chris was worried about the safety of those grannies Brother Governor sent to their deaths?', 'IT IS ABOUT TIME WE TALK ABOUT UFO  ON TV  WITH THE GOVERMENT!!!', 'The reporter comes off as a complete clown', 'Hard laugh, if they were that smart what do they want from us.  But who is us?!', 'pentagon tic tac = 888', "Human specie faces a pretty dire and immediate existential threat right now and it is its own kind. So don't worry too much about hypothetical outer space threats when we have each other right here.", "The same God damn video for the past 4 years. They keep saying the same things. This ain't news.", 'Lets be xenophobic,its really in this year.', 'Look over here while we take your freedom why now would they admit to a UFO I know there has been other sights long ago', 'Done by your own Gov.😋', "Perhaps it's folks from the future, here to try and take our jobs?", 'All we need to do is develope  advanced cameras so at least we can see what the f is that object !', 'I really wish the report will reveal something significant. I think its pretty clear there will be no mass histeria what so ever. When Pentagon confirmed the Nimitz cases...nobody cared.', 'This guy does not seem happy to be reporting this. 😂😂😂😂', 'I would check US patent office before believing ufo are from space.', 'Teasers. Teasers are usually rich kids that go to unsuspecting planets, wear funny antenna on their head and frighten the local population. - Encyclopedia Galactica. [No hitchhiking!]', 'I think its the Chinese!! Heehee! 👀 \nYeah! GO CHINA!🇨🇳...✌😁', 'We don’t need to worry about life from other dimensions and parallel universes. They were here before the human form, they helped educate the human form and now they keep an eye out in case we decide to wipe ourselves out. The Human Project is important to the Universe so they keep an eye on us.', "If it's the Chinese or Russians we're in serious serious trouble. I hope it's peaceful extraterrestrials!!!", 'We’re vulnerable=military funding, exponential money increases. Another money funnel.', "According to Stephen Greer thats the navy's craft their just not admitting it.Some are extraterrestrial.", 'Why are these sighting only happening in US?', 'This is when you start realizing that anyone could be an alien.', 'Perhaps there is DOGE sticker on the UFO, folks.', 'Did they sent Earth a present ... Covid', 'What if this was another way to scare people and justify a military improvement investing more and more money to make people feel safe, when someone else is doing whatever they want ????', "Oh WELL, we're done, take over the planet they have a history of colonialism they won't notice. Hahaha.", 'Why would they wanna talk to us? Its like going to the Zoo to talk to Animals. 😂😂, That was deep.', 'Where is Elon Musk in all this?', 'This is clearly malfunctioning systems they knew where your heading', "Wait is this really the government officially saying we believe advanced unidentified flying aircraft exists and we're looking into it 😳", 'Why aliens playing hide and seek I wonder....', 'Air Force: "We have recurring violations of US air space. We need to bring those trespassers down! Fox One go."\nAlien kid playing catch in the neighborhood: "Daddddy! These squishy creatures scare me."\nAlien daddy: "Don\'t worry, I have the number of that pest control mothership somewhere."', 'Always blurry images though, like Bigfoot. Just saying.', "What's going to come as a great shock to Homo Sapien \nis that the occupants are tens if not hundreds of thousands of years old.", 'So... why is Aquaman in this session?', 'Whatever the level of development of these beings, at least they respect us at the level of not presenting themselves to us as we do when we arrive in any natural environment in front of animals, that is, without any concern whether our presence or activities are or not interfering in their lives.', 'I would sooner believe that we  are an alien terrarium than a creation of a magic guy in the sky.', 'Finaly -  the god is comming', 'First Covid and now this... What the HELL is going on??', "( O _ O ) Cuomo's face 24/7", "1:30 why is it fixed in one position of the camera's field of view. I would expect it to wobble at least a little.", 'They probably look down and laugh at us for being such morons!', "An alien civilisation who has a 1 million year advanced technological head start on us would have many 'inventions' which would blow our minds. Lets not start a fight with them........the mind boggles at the weaponry they may possess and can use on us at any time. Even as a kid I always though we are primitive compared to any advanced alien civilisation.", "Why do we assume that if aliens are real, they're going to attack us?"], ['Every time I see Hawley whine that he’s being cancelled, I picture the peasant from Monty Python screaming, “Help, I’m being oppressed!”', 'I am so ashamed to have him represent Missouri. He just needs to go!', 'Why I like Brianna Kielar so much:  She knows BS when she hears it and she always calls it out.', "I am from Missouri and I'm embarrassed to have him represent us.", 'I love Brianna Keilar. She’s so smart and articulate and just not with the bs and it’s refreshing', 'Always watch what they do, not what they say particularly. They lie every time they move their mouths, because the truth is not in them.', 'Personally I\'d love to see him silenced. Preferably the same way they did with Hannibal Lector in "Silence of the Lambs".', 'These people seriously believe that they should be able to say and do whatever they want with 0 consequences. They cant comprehend how doing something stupid can have a negative effect on them', "Brianna's takedowns are the best! They should be turned into public service announcements or even commercials.", 'Why are they all claiming to be canceled? Oh it’s a repeat of their leader', 'This guy is preparing to run for President in the next presidential election season. America, take note of your enemies within!', "I need to take a moment to chill every time I see that snake. He's infuriating!", 'Simon and Schuster have my gratitude.❤️', 'Being silenced and cancel is what HE did when he interrupted, loudly talked over the reporter.', 'Watch him speaking in Congress on Jan 6th - at 3:00 mark - where is he looking? Not at his colleagues, directly into the camera.. he was speaking not to Congress, but to the MAGA cult.', "The court judged that there were no merits to be considered. Surely he's heard of frivolous lawsuits.", 'This is what we need to start doing.  We cannot continue to give these kooks a voice, by broadcasting them nationwide.', "Missourian here. I have a traitor for a senator and a traitor for a rep. It's terrifying", '"Why Hasn\'t  Josh Hawley\'s Assembly Been Hawley Out Of Congress & Straight  to The Brigg!" "If He Was in The Military  His Ass Would Be In Jail Along With Cruz, Graham, & Trump, & Giuliani!"', 'Hawley is a disingenuous poseur. How very Republican of him.', "The clip of mitt Romney trying to burn a hole through Hawley's head with his eyes never gets old.", 'The assumption that someone whom has received an advanced education determines that said individual is "smart" is in fact inaccurate. Smart people usually end up on the right side of most issues, defending and stomping for a lost cause is not a tenet of intellectual might.', 'Wait for the time when people will be running these demagogues out of the state they represent.  I fear the day when kids start dying (GOD Forbid, GOD Forbid) in Florida and Texas', 'I love that some of the members of the GOP use the Constitution when they need it to their advantage when they go against the Constitution every chance they get. Thank you for not publishing his book .', "brianna is just ruthless. doesn't leave a stone unturned. i love her.", 'I\'ll always have time in my day to listen to Brianna Keilar\'s commentary. "as often as you brush your teeth", lol. She is smart, critical and insightful. Keep up the excellent work Brianna. She shows clearly how Hawley \'roots\' with the truth..... (an Aussie reference for her.', '"Here\'s why you\'re wrong" end of clip lol', 'Matthew 5:5\nBlessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.', 'I think accusing Hawley of being smart is an overreach. Come on Brianna! HAHAHAHA', 'Hawley is a fool, don’t silence me, while the guest on a major news agency', 'I love these segments now that Brianna is on in the am.  keep it up!', 'We all know Josh is a trump boy" he as many others are two faced .', 'Hawley is simply trying to silence the people who call him on his s***.', 'That\'s a new one on me Senator Hawley, "a peaceful riot"...good one...NOT The entire Republican cadre should all use the words of their leader Donald trump saying to their supporters, "these are my people, the un-educated" which in trumps case they cheered him saying that. I guess republicans voters hold not being educated a badge of honor.', 'Hawley is a laughing stock!! He reminds me of Donald Trump Jr.', 'I love it when a person cries out on social media that they are being "censored" or otherwise silenced. Seems to me their cries are getting out just fine. They just don\'t like getting fact checked and having their BS  exposed for what it is.', 'I never here him talk about "Socialism for the Rich" which Republicans have no problem with.', 'Hawley needs to resign immediately. He does not know the difference between peaceful protest and violent protest.', 'Brianna, love the straight talk!', "He tries to convince us hes being silenced bc his book isn't selling! 🤣", "As a Missourian I tell people that I am from Illinois, it's just less embarrassing.", 'This man is so vile - I can smell his stench from over the computer screen', "It's amazing how well these Republicans can lie! Kudos Simon and Schuster!", "Keilar it's okay to smile every once in a while", 'WOW!!  "Senator" Hawley, in this video at least, is putting the skills of Gregory Hines, Savion Glover, and Eleanor Powell to shame!!!!', '"...it\'s like trying to get away from the Kardashians." Oh, that was perfectly phrased.', 'I can not wait to see the skeletons in his closest.', 'Flawless as usual 🥰 , love watch you cut threw the current day b.s. with such precision, and still maintain beauty an elegance, thank you an please continue', 'Clearly, this man is a first class narcissist. Everyone is out to get him, he is the victim at all times when someone stands up to him.', '5:50 “ nay”. I died laughing at that so hard.', 'Fact checking = silencing to him', 'The "liberal media" - he must have thought "liberal" (democratic) \nis a put down (pejorative) term! \nOf course, that is what the media should be in a democratic society, liberal and free! \nWhere did these outlandish miscreants grow up and what are they up to any way??', "His fist punch is like a budgie's foot.", 'Josh Hawley sure does run his mouth alot for being "silenced".', 'These guys have gotten together and decided in secret how to beat the system how to stay in power how to work the media and how to deceive people without them knowing it .', '"Trying to escape the Kardashians" Briana is on 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥', "1:54 It's a perfect photoshop pose right here but what could we photoshop in his nearly clenched fist that would be funny. Anyone?", 'josh hawley is a member of donald trumps lie cult that has passed redemption😞', 'he appears as a clone of don jr., in the words he uses, his speech patterns, and even in his appearance.', 'Thank you Ms. Keilar for your spot on grip of the truth. You do a fantastic and amazing  job and we should all appreciate your hard work. Your interviews are excellent at showing what these ridiculous politicians are all about. From all of us who want to hear the truth, we\nThank You.', "I for one, would love to see Josh cancelled and shipped back to wherever he came from. I'd even pay for shipping.", 'Hawley rights a book: time for a gimlet and forty winks.', 'The aliens have exsposed themself as rebuplicans, hence the " do not care for humans" attitude.', 'Well my god, let’s hope they don’t start  letting them speak on tv and in Congress. That’s the bare minimum. Commies everywhere.', 'Biden administration successfully cmpleating 250 million vaccination in 100 days. Thanks  for your  great effort that  you continue to carry out,  you saved millions lives. Former  guy  miserably  faild us  panicky  now he is  racing  his ugly head  now. All the good work biding is doing, we are greatful  to him and to his administration.', 'Thank you, Brianna, for continuing to tell the truth.', "Citizens of Missouri VOTE HIM OUT WHEN HE'S UP FOR REELECTION!!!", "We all know what happened !!  Tim's cheated their ass off !!", 'The interviewer was talking over him!!\nWow he reversed that view!!!', 'Hawley knows damn well that you have to present preliminary evidence before you bring a case to court.  The problem for Trump is that they didn\'t have enough evidence to even bring a case in many instances.  You can\'t just say, "I think the presidential election was stolen, now adjudicate my lawsuit."', '"the radical left and their corporate allies" - funniest line I\'ve heard all year.', 'Brianna I love you! Keep up the great work!', 'Keilar is amazing!! Thank you for this report. Please repeat on CNN many times. Briana you are so smart. Hawley is a liar', 'Oh yeah, they were standing peacefully ⚔️', 'Harley deserves the takedown, but I’ll believe it’s genuine when you address Rick Santorum.', '"Supporting Josh and trying so hard to get him elected to the Senate was the worst mistake I ever made in my life," former Republican Missouri Senator and United Nations AmbassadorJohn C. Danforth', "Keep up the good work, Brianna, love having a strong, intelligent woman in theses repugnant's faces!  Go get 'em.", 'Punk Hawley may find out how well his views are accepted among his Missouri constituents next time his seat is up for re-election.', 'His time of being everywhere is limited, NO to Hawley', 'Another wonderful segment done by Brianna Kieler! I so miss her on her old time on CNN!', 'Writes book about big tech and how evil they are.... advertises its release on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram from his iPhone and directs you to buy the book on Amazon complete with a link to the Amazon post... Ummmm am I the only one who sees the irony in this?', 'Hawley is as silenced as a 5-year old screaming at his parents for a candy bar.', 'Josh is right on !!', 'Hawley is so cancelled, poor guy. we love you brianna.', '"Fear sells."', 'Missouri will hopefully rectify their mistake in the next election. What an embarrassment !!!!!!', 'Hawley is a prime example of how far the GOP has fallen.  With him, Greene, Cruz we have the Three Stooges of politics.', 'Brianna! You are my Heroine🤗! You twirl morons, like a Feature Twirler at a Homecoming Game!', '*From the NY Times  Published Jan. 7, 2021..."Simon & Schuster said on Thursday that it would cancel the publication of an upcoming book by Senator Josh Hawley."*', 'Love your reporting Brianna', 'How are you being silenced if you’re still able to tweet, sell a book and do tv interviews?', "I don't want to hear about these clowns. I want to know what we are going to do about them.", 'God i love her..she be giving them Republicans the business', 'I love to hear this woman.', 'He wasn\'t cancelled, he just refuse to say "yes" or "no".', 'I haven\'t met a Republican that has actually read or understands what "Freedom of Speech" in the Constitution actually means. But it doesn\'t surprise me.', 'Hawley’s next book will be entitled “My Struggle.”', 'Nay it is!  God bless you for making those that lie know their words are riddled with LIES.\nThank you for exposing the Lies and bringing truth to reality-based facts.', 'Addition of Keilar on New Day is the reason why I started watching this show. Thank you for your professional journalism and kind heart!', "In grade school we'd call him a 'sissy.'", 'These Republicans like Josh Hawley need to be removed from office for being a threat to this country period.', 'Gawd I love watching this beautiful woman tear apart the gop idiots', 'Keilar Is one of the best Newscaster of Todays times.', 'He was yelling he was being silenced as her was rudely interrupting her', 'Keilar, we have pandemic , please put the musk on, it suits you :-) make the world more beautiful', 'Hawley ranks right up there with Gym, Matt, & Don. In other words, the bottom of the barrel.', 'Somebody needs to remove this seditionist from office before he gets anywhere near the oval office. Just the fact that he helped incite an insurrection should disqualify him from holding position in our government.', 'Who\'s the snowflake now, "senator?"', 'My baby losing that weight😍😍😍😍 looking good either way', 'Love Love Love this woman.', 'Hes not being silenced, he is being called out on his lies.', 'i love brianna fact checks...', 'All respect for the courage of publisher Simon and Schuster! We all have to stand up against  Trumpian smoothtalking liers.', 'I love Brianna Keilar! Funny but truthful!!', "He's the type of guy that says christmas has been cancelled every December.", 'The poster boy for the fragile white male ego.\nSuch a "Man". Im being cancelled.  I wish.', 'I know that this comment is " late to the prom " ,but I truly appreciate your reporting style, it feels so genuine to me !! Thank you for sharing your thoughts and ideas, you\'ll always have a listener with me. \n      Unless you take the BIG money and go over to Fox, not ever news !!!   LOL !!!', 'Bet Harvard is so proud \U0001f972', 'I love this woman for doing her job', 'เฉลย แอบขายข้อมูลกัน ระหว่างประเทศ ราคา สูงมาก cnn รู้มานานแล้ว\nห้ามประนาม cnn เค้าฝืนทนหลายเรื่องหลายอย่าง เค้าไม่มีอาวุธ จำเป็นต้องไหลตามสฐานการ เรื่องมันยาว', "Now he sees the violence inherent in the system.  Help, help, he's being repressed.  Call the *wambulance* for Josh Hawley.  Stat!", 'We need to get some flogging happening, Now.', 'Tip—all these networks/independent channels should get a lawyer to interview these guests. Young lady shoulda explained to Mr. Hawley that the SCOTUS did not find merit, hence it declined to hear the case.', 'He is on Fox as often as you brush your teeth :D', "Hey, if the Sargent of arms doesn't start arresting known insurrectionist,  than every American should get some free dope, to help num the pain.", "They're silencing me.🤣🤣😂 Dude you're being broadcasted on live TV and social media. Either he doesn't know the meaning of being silenced or he's playing to a crowd that's to dumb to figure it out for themselves.", 'to drain the swamp, do not re-elect any incumbents. research article 5 of the constitution, support the convention of the states.', 'Keilar is awesome she rip him apart', 'He\'s just double talking. According to Hawley, the Court of Appeals heard the "merits" and decided against the case. He literally lying in this interview. The CA heard the "case" and ruled it didn\'t have merit...there is a difference.🤦🏼\u200d♀️', 'Your hair looks so pretty', 'Gotta love Ms Keilar... she just called him out on his poor me rhetoric. 😆', 'Section 3 of the 14th Amendment DENIES them the right to hold any office within our Government after the B$ they pulled on January 6th 2021.', 'Humble yourself therefore under the mighty hand of God', 'Damn I wish I was that canceled lmao', 'He’s being silenced?! I wish he would just shut up already', 'Josh hawley..silenced ??NAY !! 😅 Thanks keilar, you are so awesome...from Singapore 💙💙💙', 'Hawley is an arrogant as... Thank you, Mrs.Keilar, we love you for what you are doing.', 'Republicans are complaining about being “cancelled” while threatening to censure and remove some of their members from leadership positions.\n\nI’m not a big fan of Liz Cheney or Mitt Romney and others. They made their careers off these hypocrites. But hypocrites and whiners are what they are.', 'If a baseball team had Hawley playing for them, they would lose every game.', 'Precious', "Funny how that works huh,I'm being cancelled but yet I'm on all media platforms", 'If ignorance is bliss, Hawley must be the happiest person on earth.', 'That was a good one Brianna! As often as he brush his teeth! 😁', 'When will they stop treating him so nice, call him out and boldly debunk his garbage to his face', 'You just have to love the beleaguered, persecuted Republican Patriot. A phoney!', "Brianna, a big Thank You for calling out these liars and trouble maker's. I just wish that the people who watch Fox and the other couple of deranged channels would tune in once in a while to hear the facts you present. The truth hurts sometimes, but it needs to be faced and dealt with.", 'I love you...you are the best!!!', 'I love this guy. A lone wolf in a forest of corruption and bias media. Keep up the fight!', 'He is such a tool i plan on voting him out', 'Hawley is an expert whiner and seasoned outrage actor.', 'It’s so sad that “the people of Missouri” aren’t going to be around much longer simply because the GQP has politicized getting vaccinated!', 'Hawley silenced? If only.', 'WOW Brian, oops Brianna made a cute young lady outta himself', 'I was wondering who voted against that bill. I was watching it on cspan.', '"Don\'t silence me!" \n"Senator, we are hosting you today."', 'Cancelled? Silenced? 🤣 His fight is with his mouth which refuses to stay closed while his brain sends messages to his vocal chords.', 'Another treasonous domestic enemy of the Constitution of the United states,  Period.', 'Just maybe, him sticking his fist up was a signal to attack', "WHY IS CNN NOT TALKING ABOUT HUNTER BIDEN'S RELATIONSHIP WITH\nBURISMA?", '"I\'m being silenced" he\'s said on Fox News at least once a week for the last 4 months.', 'Josh Hawley reminds me of a young Adolph Hitler. Watch him closely, for he is the enemy from within.', 'We are so embarrassed by Hawley in Missouri! He doesn’t belong here and he doesn’t live here!', 'Get em Killer!', "The next time any riots breakout Hawley needs to suit up and be on the front line fighting for his life next to Cruze, McConnell, Graham, McCarthy, Taylor, just to name a few. Lawmakers literally fighting for their lives. 🤔 I'm guessing they've never had to. How nice for them.", 'Thank goodness for the sensible voices at Simon & Schuster.  That is where my money will go.', 'You do not represent my home state of Missouri \nYou turned your back on the Missourians on Jan 6,2021', 'Damn, cnn just destroyed that. Well done.', 'Hes right ! You go hawley', 'Does his retorick sound fermillar I do believe I have heard that speech on way to many to count ,from the former president?', "FOR SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN SILENCED, HE CERTAINLY  IS LOUD!!!!!!!!!!      I'm just sayin'.", "It's amazing how two faced people can be.", '"Josh Hawley  Has Become  The Benedict  Arnold  of  Washington & Worst Insurrectionous in Our Nation\'s History  Attempting  to Overthrow  Our 245/250 Year Old Democracy!"', 'ABSOLUTE GOLD! WELL DONE!👍❤😍', 'They literally have magazines front page slandering him in my college library. You guys can’t be serious if you say censorship,slander, and suppression dont exist', 'This is the endless war between clown and we the people,  between trumplicans and we the people.  Thank you Lady for your analysis', "I can't believe he would even go on CNN for an interview. Take note other republicans this is what you can expect on this media.", 'What does it say about those who respond positively to that kind of rhetoric?', "Whaa whaaa.....they're trying to silence me while I'm everywhere!!! Smh!!!", "I'm so attracted to this cnn anchor", 'I wish Brianna was still doing the daytime show by herself', 'In this day and age with all knowledge exposed, only a psychotic would watch television for political information.', 'Yes, he sure played a role, in my opinion.', "He's got a lot to say to the world for someone who's being cancelled what a tool", 'Excellent informed reporting!', 'Go Brianna, you are getting better and better on New Day!', 'Paused 1/3rd way in. The large network of cable and published information/media is a privilege to be invited. Reputable journalists credit very few because our opinions are dog shit.', 'Brianna Keilar: LOVE LOVE LOVE\nYou’re intelligence.\nYou’re professionalism.\nYou’re humor and wit.\nYou’re hair.\n\nWay to go...CNN!', "If he truly represented ppl in Mo, his party would expand Medicaid,  like his constituents have voted for. His party would stop trying to shove RTW down our throats, bc we voted on that too, with a resounding NO. \nHawley is not doing his job. He's doing what he hopes will move him forward in his agenda", 'He need to be asked to resign or expelled!', 'So ... he was showing support for antifa rioters disguised as maga-ots? LOL', "Do the rest of you say it's time for direct democracy?", 'And we have an example of senators with courage Dr. Ben Sasse Ph.D as a great example calling out Josh Hawley "Sen. Hawley was doing something that was really dumbass" &  "lies have consequences"', "He's such a joke.  And every time he opens his mouth, he drives that farther and farther towards towards Truth.", '"He\'s on Fox more times..." in two days than the Fox viewers brush their teeth in a month.', 'How does he have time.to represent his constituents?', 'Lets see: "[...] the radical left, their corporate allies [...]". There is something wrong here.', 'So, Hawley rails on about being here and not going away. We have heard these same words not long ago... He must share writers with blabby Matt Gaetz. Their blathering lacks both nuance and candor.', 'Someone PLEASE ASK them, "what is Socialism"?', 'Josh Hawley:  Stanford grad, Yale Law School,  Supreme Court clerk, 2nd youngest Senator: such a victim, so oppressed!', 'Stick it to them Brianna!', 'Give that little boy a 🍼', "Thank you for your commentary!! It's so nice to hear an intelligent woman telling the truth, presenting facts, common sense and adding a bit of humor! Glad you have the patience to do this as i would need to wear my mask while mouthing a few choice words between breaks:)  Think I'm going to be wearing a mask for quite awhile as have gotten used to the ability of saying things ( quietly) and not having other people notice. ( Usually people not wearing a mask, or wearing it properly,  wearing maga shirts and trying to make a pass at me, etc). Stay safe.", 'These really recall me the violence made by "peaceful protesters" in Hongkong last year. CNN really has very different point of views and definitions on "Violent" and "Peaceful" up to where it happens', 'Thank you Keilar💙💙💙', 'I hear: do you believe that Biden is a legitimately elected president of the United States. he says: I do , that was half of my objection to the certification.  What  do I hear incorrectly?', "Good thing I don't watch Fox, \nmy TV would always be busted.", 'Hawley is to be feared. He is super dangerous! He needs to be silenced. Hawley is pro-Hawley. I live in Missouri but I am Oklahoman.', "He's another paper tiger 🐯", 'Love Brianna she tells it like it is. He\'ll repeat that phrase "being canceled or silenced " just as long as he gets applause from it i guess he thinks it sounds good😵 you still on Fox dude cause that\'s about the only place they\'ll let you sprew that crap without being challenged', 'Hawley raised his fist in support of people, amongst them folks wearing shirts "6 million wasn\'t enough". Let that sink in!!', 'I’m from Illinois, and just looking at Missouri I almost feel pity for them, what a mess like Ohio. \n\nIf ur from Missouri I suggest u move to Wisconsin, Michigan, and Illinois....', '"The sky is blue."   Hawley, "It\'s not blue, it\'s red."  "No no no...what do you mean it\'s red? It\'s blue. It\'s always been blue."   Hawley, "There you go...liberal lies. It\'s red. It\'s always been red. You can\'t stop me from believing it\'s red."  "Ok, well we are going to refute your claim on the basis of facts to all those out there who you are trying to dupe into believing it\'s red. They deserve the truth."   Hawley, "Why are liberals always trying to shut me down! Silence me! I will not be silenced!"     \n\nYeah, that\'s how stupid you sound Hawley.', "If you introduce me to a Republican worth knowing, I'll... as if there is a Republican worth knowing.", 'He needs to be prosecuted for his part in the insurrection.', 'This man is clearly wrong and sits right in government.\nThe enemy is among us, America!', 'You waive before they went amok', "In a year we won't hear about Josh Hawley, possibly in less time than that, he is enjoying his ten minutes of fame which will end in him just trying to keep his job.", 'I didn’t realize that Freedom of Speech also meant Freedom to blatantly Lie with no consequences. What’s happened to us?', 'The man is such a joke lmao', 'Do you ever work, Mr Hawley. You are always on TV running your big mouth. You say so much BS, it is incredible.', "My routine is 6AM MSNBC, and maybe switch to CNN 7-7:30, however, I going to switch this routine. I enjoyed her at the former 1PM spot and sounds like she's on fire at 6AM.", 'I see in the posts many warning, others underestimating, Hawley. . . make no mistake, he is a traitor, sitting in our house of power. He and others should not just be ousted from committees, but from the House itself.  He is an enemy to our Democratic Republic.', 'Thank you for calling him out. Just your higher quality of journalism calls him out in comparison to his interviews on Fox and his manner of speaking in the senate.', 'Did she not just speak over him the whole interview and not listen to anything he said?? I believe so lol', 'Josh holly lies everytime his mouth opens it should be a crime to lie to the public when your a politician', "He's a privilege little want to be dictator.", 'Hawley needs DICTIONARY-- HIS HEALTHCARE =SOCIAL ISM✅', 'BRAVO Mr. Cotton!! Do not go ANYWHERE!!!', "Hawley would be toast if Senator Romney's eyes shot lazer beams on January 6.", 'God I love this lady. Keep smacking them down. Mein Kampf 2.0, new tactics book?', 'Keilar wanted to challenge Josh on an issue...his mouth open...you could almost heard HEE HAW HEE HAW!!', 'By “cancel”, Republicans mean hold accountable.', "She's a beautiful woman", 'You just silenced him by not letting him finish explaining why the interviewer was wrong in what she said about the merrits. Now was the senator correct or was the reporter correct', "he's being silence, the poor thing, if only he would stop those demons pouring out of his mouth", 'Keilar ... you looks soo angry ...why Angry of Losing ? :)', 'Hawley: "You can\'t have it both ways!  Now here are my two ways!"', 'Why has he not been charged for his actions in 1-6-21??', 'Keiller is so good.', 'Cancelled or not he is damaged goods on a national level (maybe not Missouri).', 'Once again a GOP member confuses cancel culture with consequences.  It is part of our social contract, when you behave badly, folks do not want to support you.  Consequences for bad behavior, period.', 'Damn he must be going through a lot of stress because he gained a group of Gray hairs after that picture was taken', "Will you call out Democrat senators for pretending that they're oppressed?", '*From the NY Times, Published Jan. 7, 2021...* "Simon & Schuster said on Thursday that it would cancel the publication of an upcoming book by Senator Josh Hawley."', 'Can anyone tell me where to get the drugs or rose glasses  they have some great sh*t.', 'good job  Sen Hawley', "Attaboy, Joshie... don't forget to wash behind your ears and don't forget to get Mommy to check them for you!", "Keilar, you're no match for Hawley, and your  now-legend  mouth run-off interruptions make it clear to anyone  watching, except maybe your CNN fan club. And that's a shrinking universe.", '"Dined out on"? Ew. Another awful new trend. Like"RIGHT?"', "Yes he's   ridiculous when it comes to the media", 'Missouri must be proud Hawley lol', '2:48 \nOne can clearly see the two gentlemen behind Mr. Hawley are not at all pleased with his performance.', 'Why are debates and discussion these days "The person who shouts loudest is obviously the most right"\n\nHe is a politician and in America that means giving his supporters what they want to hear.', 'Ephesians 4:27\nNeither give place to the devil.', 'Hawley needs major consequences', "Well he's right, he's not going ANYWHERE in politics.", 'Josh Hawley does not represent the people of Missouri when he lets them disregard our votes on extending Medicaid.', 'Major "woke" corporations weighed in on the 2020 election which has no precedent.  The Walmart corporation issued a statement on it\'s company\'s official Twitter account calling Josh Hawley a "sore loser".  it must be noted that Walmart deleted the tweet shortly thereafter.', "Feel like he's been using the thesaurus and not the dictionary to understand what canceled means", 'He though tru.mp was going to steal the election,no book', 'Hawley is going down in next Missouri vote. Goodbye hawly', 'The narcissism is strong with this one too.', 'Brianna Keilar is one of the brightest people on TV. Her analysis of the issues is second to none.', 'Great job editing videos and cherry picking "facts" Brianna. Bashing Republicans isn\'t anything new on CNN, but really? You\'re calling him a child and claiming he walked by in solidarity when the protesters WEREN\'T peaceful? You\'re getting to be as low as MSNBC.', 'maybe he can buy a chin too!', 'This is called fist yourself with your own fist😂😂😂', "Brilliant Kellar. Very clever argument and delivery.\nWomen are here to clean house and they are not messing around anymore. It's time to clear up the mess the boys made.", 'How is this man not being charged with attempting to overthrow the US government?', 'Senator Josh is like a little leprechaun who follows behind binocchio, (where is my pot of gold, you have none Josh you have known)', 'Let’s talk about who sets the standard of rioting and peaceful protest', 'About time the Democrats took responsibility for 6th Jan instead of blaming everyone else .The truth needs to be revealed instead of sweeping it under the carpet!!', "That's right and hes here to stay", 'Aligning himself with der fuhrer to gain favor with his base. This is what our political system has come to.', 'So this is where all you keyboard Clowns hangout😂', "They are so full of S. They don't even know the meaning of being silenced", 'Mr. Hawley knew full well why that crowd was there and that the former president had incited their violence.  His raised fist was outrageous!', 'Body language experts or even enthusiasts have a field day with republicans like Hawley.', "I wonder what it's like to be incapable of feeling shame or embarrassment aka a republican.", "He is such a LIAR. he used his sister's address so he could run. He still lives in Virginia.", 'He sure does pack all the buzzwords into one sentence without saying anything of importance. Can he say anything of importance without cliches?', 'There is something to that Kardashian comparison, Narcisism!', 'awww... being silenced on mainstream media. bring the violin.', "All that and he (like the senator from Louisiana) comes from two of the most down trodden states in the union. States where people barely have running water, lowest literacy rates, worse scools, lowest wages, and yet they fight against every bill that would help the people of their states. They are the same as that third fellow from an indigent state named McConnell who fights against helping the people of his poor state too.\n\nThey have convinced the people of their first or last in everything that's bad states that they can do without good infrastructure, well paying jobs, and good healthcare.", 'He seriously needs to be silenced!', "Here's a challenge: show me a more punchable face than Josh Hawley's", 'This guy is so in the closet and I cannot wait til he is yanked out', 'I wonder if he actually believes anything he says.', "He's crazy", 'Two faces of these Republicans lmao 🤣 😂 😆 💀', "We are not silencing him. We're ignoring him. 😁😎. Denial always seems to be a problem for him and others in his side of the room.", 'Haha 😂😂😂😂 he delusional', 'Hawley omg!', 'Arizona\'s FULL FORENSIC AUDIT will expose the answers for "WE THE PEOPLE "who signed affidavits.', 'nice', "Josh Hawley isn't even from Missouri.. He used his father's address to run for office.. When his father died he used his sister's address, but he doesn't live in Missouri..  From what I understand he hasn't live there for a few years..", 'You sure the Senator was giving a sign of attack? It can be considered as a a sign!!!! Who knows? Time will tell!!!!', "What's inspect the computers unless you have something to hide", 'Brianna Keilar is GORGEOUS!', 'Hawley is such a tool.  Perfect representative for the current GOP.', 'Keilar nails it every time. I check in to hear her commentary everyday. A voice that needs to be heard.', 'It’s that clear that being challenged is equal to being silenced.', "i'm sick just to listen you", 'Resolved by overturning the election 🗳?', 'Yes the media say the same the same thing in China and N Korea... lol', 'Hawley  is the epitome of carnival barker extraordinaire and guided by nothing but self interest and the acquirement of money and power.', 'Oh good she can read !!', 'Is it cancel culture when you are a business who doesn’t want to be known for publishing mediocrity?', 'Brianna Keilar is beautiful, easy on the eyes, and her wonderful voice, easy on the ears. Perhaps when Tucker reaches puberty, we can say the same about his voice. For now we have to listen to his Erkel screech', 'To me it seemed as if he was signaling ok', 'I can tell that Briana is holding back a really strong GTFOH at the end there.', 'Is there any difference between socialism and being social in the us?', 'The periodic eight nearly add because couch equally wink than a smiling plane. awake, coordinated female', "How do people think he's handsome he looks like cartoon character of a good looking guy", "Ugh He's my senator. Please, please let's get rid of this spineless brainwashed blob of a human being.", 'Loved how Brianna compared Josh Hawley to the Kardashians.', 'We love you Brianna Keilar. You are a badass. Factual and right to the point. Thank you for your journalistic integrity!!', 'WHEN WILL THIS STOP', "Donald J Trump still has my vote and my family's vote", "For clarity  Keiler says the senator wasn't silenced but when he was silenced he deserved it.", "He's been preparing! He IS preparing!! He has his sheet awaiting!", 'I cannot stand this man. He wants to be so important that anything he says and does is canceled or he is being silenced. As Maxine Waters said, "you need to shut your mouth".', 'I came back for 4:45\nLMAO!!!!!!!', 'Thank you fore your help', 'Disgraceful conduct with no consequences even if it leads to somebody being hurt', 'Thank you for sharing the news 👍', 'If he spend this much time on social media, tv programs and campaining.  Does he actually works?  Are they people he represent happy to have another individual in their party not working at all just like the other guy who spend most of his term on the golf course?', 'What a WIMP', 'Hawley reminds me of a flamingo', 'Colbert called him Pee-wee Herman Goering...lol!!!', 'I really liked Josh Hawley in his role in "the Purge" movies.  He was totally believable, just wow. Goosebumps.', 'That little black outfit looks good on you girl, mm, mm, mm.', "Hawley broke out in Missouri state politics including his wife in his ability from so many Supreme Court cases he and she won. This was for Missouri  Attry Gen position 'the only job he wanted and regardless of what ever would be available. As soon as Senate position came he blew thru AG position. So his initial words never were that true.", 'Yes, my parent also disappeared when I lived in the jungle', 'I like her 👏👏', 'His canned response to "being silenced" was so obviously practiced it\'s clear he was just waiting for a chance to use it. You don\'t have a line that crafted just shot out at random. He had been practicing that for ages and just waiting for a chance to spit that lie.', 'When middle aged white men start using slang as part of their vocabulary it\'s time to retire "cancelled" This is almost as bad as when they try to do the "running man" 🤦🏽\u200d♀️', 'I think she is the best news anchor on CNN', "He's such a little tool.", 'Hawley remember Jan 6th. Time will tell.', 'HAWLEY and GAETZ should get together and have a pity party for each other.  It is sad they are both so canceled, silenced, muzzled, etc, etc., etc.!', 'I believe Senator Joshua David Hawley should just step down from office.', 'I really  like him', 'What a twallop.', 'Hawley looks a lot like Peewee Herman.', 'You the best love you', 'many people are being silenced and censored today.  Sad commentary on where America has gone to.', 'What right answer did you get Josh?', 'Hawley , at some point you have to put 2 + 2 together and get something other than your bullshit , as an answer.', 'Keiler is a star, she is getting better every single day.', "I have a crush on her, first one since I was a teenager 15 years ago , and it's not just about her good looks, it's her passion for what she believes in and her intelligence and integrity. Her husband is one lucky man 🙂😎", '3:6 B.e.S.T f\'u"l\'l D.a.T.i.n.G h.o.T G.i.r.L\'s —L—o—V—e—S—e-X———❤️😘 ..👍 Clickhere : livegirls19. com\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n!💖🖤❤️今後は気をライブ配信の再編ありがとうです！この日のライブ配信は、かならりやばかったですね！１万人を超える人が見ていたもん（笑）やっぱり人参最高！まさかのカメラ切り忘れでやら1かしたのもドキドキでした,. 💖🖤在整個人類歷史上，強者，富人和具有狡猾特質的人捕食部落，氏族，城鎮，城市和鄉村中的弱者，無`\'守和貧窮成員。然而，人類的生存意願迫使那些被拒絕，被剝奪或摧毀的基本需求的人們找到了一種生活方式，並繼續將其DNA融入不斷發展的人類社會。. 說到食物，不要以為那些被拒絕的人只吃垃圾。相反，他們學會了在被忽視的肉類和蔬菜中尋找營養。他們學會了清潔，切塊，調味和慢燉慢燉的野菜和肉類，在食品市場上被忽略的部分家用蔬菜和肉類，並且學會了使用芳香的木煙（如山核桃，山核桃和豆科灌木 來調味g食物煮的時候1\r\n\r\n 1620465551', "Hawley needs to learn some law before commenting.  This wasn't an appeal against a law it was an appeal against a lower court's judgment.  The Supreme Court upheld the lower court's view that the case had no merits, in order to do that they would have reviewed the court's interpretation of the law with which they clearly agreed as they declined to take the case up.", 'People disagreeing now equals "being cancelled". What delicate flowers they are.', '"Until Republicans return to reality and become responsible, they should not be trusted with power again."  \r\nThat\'s been obvious for some time, the same warning I have been advocating, but it\'s good that Rep. Maloney is amplifying that message.  More Americans need to understand this.', 'Brianna is on a roll.  Her aptitude for summarizing events in simple and humorous ways is so ingratiating.', 'The “radical left” wtf? Who talks about Jewish laser beams from outer space? Uh....yeah.', "We need to cancel culture him my goodness he's everywhere he's just like all the other Republicans I'm going to say one thing and then say another later Joe Biden is our PRESIDENT... But I'm going to argue with you oh boy if it's not one thing it's another with these people", 'He went into my beautiful hometown of Lexington Missouri claiming to have been raised there which was a lie. Lexington is a very historic town. Everyone was Furious from Lexington that he did what he did he went to a few years of school there and then his mother droving all the way to Kansas City which is about 60 miles from there to go to school at a very prestigious Rockhurst High School. He is such a liar and embarrassment to our state.', "Hawley has his sights set firmly on the presidency. He thinks he's pretty dashing, and he's cultivating a persona. What a scurrilous grub he really is.", "He's a lie! Is that what he call peaceful?", 'Keilar love you smile', "c'mon Missourians !  I am sure if you look around, you can find smarter people to represent you.  The one you have now is a piece of work and unfixable.  Thanks to Briana for putting truth in the forefront.", 'Takedown of the highest order. Cheers!', '"cancelled/silenced" is not the same as contradicted/corrected.', 'He claims a constitutional claim of fraud but ignores the constitutional certification of the election.', "Yeah, he sure flaps his gums a lot for someone who's been silenced... 🤥", 'Neigh is perfect for Horse-Face Hawley', '"Trying to get away from Senator Hawley is like trying to get away from the Kardashians"\n\n*YES, THIS!*', 'The guy should have appeared on Fox and whined to Hannity or Carlson. They would have coddled him like they do T*ump and every other "guest" that appears on Fox.', 'Book was cancelled, so technically  he was cancelled by the main stream media: CBS and others if given the chance or just try to make him look bad, fyi most people are not watching Fox.', 'He put his fist up way before this..CNN PLEASE DO THE RESEARCH', "He looks like a cartoon character, bleep bleep bleep that's all folk!", "He's been crying about how's he being silence all over social media and tv.", 'Definitely NOT silenced, juts ignored', "Why did you vote against an election without any evidence? Stop, I'm being silenced! How can you completely ignore a 100 year pandemic when discussing universal mail in ballots? Stop, I'm being silenced. When you fist pumped a roiling mob ready to march on the capital, did you think you were de-escalating the situation? Stop, I'm being silenced. To cap off this interview, tell me how you are being silenced? Stop, I'm being silenced!", "I'm a life long resident of Missouri and I find Josh Hawley repulsive...\nDon't blame me, I didn't vote for him.", 'Please take the mic away from this dude. There are some senators who should have been charged for the Jan 6th insurrection, and he is one of them. But once again, they see no consequences. Maybe if they did they would actually do their job.', 'This young man is egotistic and dangerous. His agenda only because he only listens to himself. Vote him out he is a liar and not for the people.', "He's like Evil Beto", "THAT'S A LOT OF HUGS AND KISSESS", "I'll be honest; Keilar's thumbnail brought me here...", "I didn't think reporters were supposed to be making headlines,  something about conflict of interest I think", 'Hawley: The big corporations are silencing me... buy my book on Amazon.', 'The so called mainstream media and big tech has become the mouth piece for the socialist Democrat party. The DOJ, FBI and Cia has become the hit squad (gestapo) for the lefts agenda. We see this clearly on censorship, political retribution and prosecution, and the most evil election fraud. Unless stopped this is the beginning of the end of our country and our foundation the Constitution that protects our individual rights. Senator Hawley is right on point!', 'When a higher court refuses to hear a case, that does NOT mean that the did not review the case.  I means the opposite of that.  It means they read the testimony and the judgements and determined that the correct decision had already been made.  It is a form of judgement.  It means the higher court is knowledgeable of the case and agrees with its findings.', 'Soooooooo tired of the male "I don\'t like what you\'re saying so I\'ll just Nononononono loudly and talk over you at a louder and louder volume until I can repeat myself AGAIN" method. \nSo damn tired.', 'Resign traitor Hawley', 'OMG I just love Brianna Keilar! She is one of the best and so straight forward never holds back on speaking the truth. Thank you Brianna Keilar!', "HAWLEY'S GONNA BE A LOSER TOO .", 'These guys are always on TV telling people how they are being silenced.', 'He on the fox lying  News channel every night', 'So correcting their lies is now silencing them, if only that were actually true. 😐', "Hawley's phone should be subpoenad.", 'Yes conservatives ARE being silenced. Social media is on your side, you do not invite people on the right to fully explain anything without ridicule.', 'report the border crisis will you ... do your damn job !!!', 'arrest elected officials who knowingly lie', 'The big problem is he has not been silenced!', '"He\'s on fox as often as you brush your teeth"? Wrong, Brianna, Trump supporters don\'t brush their teeth.', 'Would you buy a used car from this guy', 'Hawley never took his eyes off the camera during his speech to Congress.  Who was he really talking to?', "I'm confused how are you being silenced when you never shut up??? Lol", "It's not cancel culture, it's consequence culture.", 'Hawley is traditor', 'Does anyone take CNN seriously these days ?', 'Dont let people forget CNN', 'Small minded Josh Hawley, trying to run in the big Leagues, but failing  un-mistakingly!!!!!', "There's a YouTuber named NFKRZ in Russia, Americans love to complain all the time that they're being censored, here's a guy who knows what its really like to be punished for speaking what you think. If you were really censored or silenced you would be in jail or not alive to talk about it", 'Constantly yapping and tapping about being silenced.', 'Hail keilar', "PROJECT VERITAS PART ONE ,TWO AND THREE!!!! That's all anyone needs to know about CNN!!", 'What did she say when she was cut off by Hawley? 1:16 ?', 'You go senator hawley', 'Hawley has got to go, vote him out', 'He needs to be silenced BK. He needs to go.', 'If his book is so great why doesn’t he publish it himself', 'Keilar ....You are not giving me Head Tonight Im Leaving !!!!', 'What is the meaning of being canceled??', 'So when does he do his job?', 'Hawley is absurd🖕🏽', 'What is that tool bag’s real agenda?  I mean, they all know they are full of BS and yet keep standing by their lies and BS.  Why?  Is it just because they are trapped so deeply in those corporate pockets?', '🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥', 'What was peaceful about Jan 6?? He is delusional', 'Hawley is one of those frat boys who thinks he’s better looking than he actually is, and thinks he’s smarter than he actually is.', 'Hi Brianna! Good show , like always !', "Keilar is no match for Hawley. She's been brainwashed by the left. She might come to her senses some day.", 'Oh come missourian people is he the best you can hire for your state? He tried to help trimpee commit treason .⚡⚡😤', 'So don’t talk about me wanting you to represent me...I’m from Missouri and totally am against every SINGLE thing you say and do...go home to some other state please...', 'Lol! Thanks. I needed a good laugh 😅🤣😂😆', "Keilar goes straight for the jugular and you what...I'm here for it!", "I've noticed that Hawley has a problem with the truth.", 'He’s so full of crap!!!!!!! They lie so easily!!!!!', 'In a few years, our government will be ran by people right out of high school.\nFace full of pimples and chewing bubble gum.', 'Josh Hawley is a young whippa snappa. He knows nothing.', 'For being silenced I sure hear him a lot.', 'So was he raising his fist to Antifa and BLM or the friendly Trump supporters tourists who were hugging cops?', 'Oh your going buddy! He has stolen money and lied about his entire season why he ran!😠😠😠but he accept socialism every time he steals our money and begs for donor money!😠😠', 'Brianna what are your views on current events,', "Hawley practiced saying that last sentence a lot. It's a dog whistle. Now he'll get a bunch of money donated to him. And the grift goes on.", 'for someone who has "been canceled, Hawley sure gets a lot of coverage!!!   Hawley  sure reminds me a lot of Joseph Mccarthy days.', "So Democrats now are Corporate ally? Right Josh? You're funny 🤣 Republicans are The one who benefited from corporates🤣", 'Hawley has certainly got "silence, cancel & censor me" down pat. I wonder how long it took him to mermorise that so that it just rolls off his tongue.', 'What a gutless coward', 'That high fist seems to be saying, "I\'m with you guys, I\'m on your side, go right ahead and do your thing. we\'ll worry about the outcome later"', 'We shall deafeanetly mert at cnn', "He's a joke", "it appears that  he's swimming in 3 rivers", 'Once again CNN cuts off people that are making a legitimate point! All you reporters should be ashamed of yourselves.', 'If he cannot create them, Hawley will grab any opportunity to howl, making himself out as victim to the people he victimizes. Totally unscrupulous.', 'The Josh Hawleys of the world whine that they are being "silenced" when they are called out on their lies and BS.  It\'s gaslighting pure and simple and the abusers go-to card when someone stands up to them. They crumble into whiners claiming evwryone is mean to them for not letting them get away with their abuse.\n\nIt\'s sick.', 'Vote him out!', "Shut-up Josh Hawley! He did have a BLM raising of his fist before he went in to the Capitol that day as though to mock BLM's. Hopefully, he's a 1 hit wonder!", 'His ‘book’ is only 200 pages? Is he planning on finishing it?', 'Vote him out! Such a fool!', "First off, I'll say I'm not a big Biden fan, but the Republican party has gone down some deep rabbit hole, while pinning all their hopes on a charlatan and con-man by the name of Donald Trump.", "I'm sorry, my knowledge regarding the intricacies of certain US politicians isn't quite up to snuff, but is it at all possible that he was fist pumping and showing his support to those people BEFORE they started showing signs of breaking into the Capitol? Like, maybe he was supporting something that at first seemed like a lawful protest/picketing, before it turned violent?", "Hawley is remarkably dense.  The court heard the case, found that it had no merit, and dismissed it. End of story.  You're not being silenced, or cancelled, we are ignoring you. Publishers are not obliged to publish material that is false, seditious or treasonous.", 'He should resign or be fired.', 'If everyone just understood just one thing about republicans we would all save a lot of time listening to them. They believe that they are the victims in every situation.', 'Liberal/Socialist Keilar sounds like a woman scorned here.', "Republicans waited until AFTER the election to object in court -- too  late -- because they knew full well that if they admitted they didn't care about the health of the voters, then they'd have lost all those down ballot votes. .", 'She is the most cutest lady ever', "if the people gathered on january 6th were peaceful before trump's speech and became violent during and after, wouldn't that be clear evidence that his speech, itself, incited the violence?", '🤮', 'No this not the place. The SENATE was there to certify the electoral college decision. BIDEN WON.', 'Hawley, your such a girls blouse', 'Beloved Jesus is written as having said:  "Ambition is a terrible foe." Hawley perfectly exemplify these words; he\'s not even pretending to put up a fight.', 'What a hero ... Shocking.', 'Chanel 4 news Britain, closing down. Reason?  Lost it,s core audience with lefty lies.', 'I would rather have socialism than a dictatorship', 'Brianna completely owns the gaunt and pasty rube from Missouri.', 'Freedom of speech/of the press doesn’t allow for persons in a position of authority or on a public platform to spew lies or propaganda!', 'They call them grown up babiez!', 'Over educated beyond his intelligence and morally bankrupt.', 'Poor Josh Hawley. 🙄', 'How macho this clown is!', 'If I lived in MO, I’d bury my head in shames for electing him.', 'Get tough Democrats. The Republicans are still ruling the roost', 'Brianna kneels for little league national anthems while double masked.  I wonder how many Asylum seeking trafficked children she hosts in her home? probably like 12. She also pays twice the tax rate on her W4 just because she thinks #NancyPelosi and #AdamShiff manage her money so well, she loves to see the return on her investment.  She would be a saint but has been agnostic since college.', 'The murky gauge unquestionably answer because maraca briefly delight abaft a cheap crop. cagey, xenophobic comparison', 'He got his Pastor voice on to brainwash the ignorant masses', 'He’s truly a very sick evil man.', 'Slick dude.', 'Hes silent when he speaks about nothing interesting strategy.......', "I'm getting to the point that I don't believe ANYTHING that comes out of a republican mouth.  I don't even want to hear it anymore, not until they can at least stop the GD lying.", '#Republicans DONT WANT TRANSPARENCY EQUALITY OR FREE/FAIR ELECTIONS & EVERYTHING THEY HAVE/ARE SAYING & DOING PROVES THIS!!', 'his facial jowels are in a constant downward mold, they’ve formed skin sags like molten sour milk lava, orange stains sagging, dragging ever down down down.. like his soul, \nlike rudy’s sideburns but orange and milky...', "When this guy lies to  your face and calls the other aisle Radicals,  that means he's the Radicals! And everything else that comes with been a Trumpise. 👎😷", 'He had a great instructor (Trump)', 'Can’t wait for 2022 results when I hope and believe the general population of republicans will vote the liars and fearmongers out of office. We need legitimate republican opposition party, not the extremists in charge of their party now.', 'Talk over him and say that there is  false information being spread but without any evidence that it was false!', "It's sad that a grown man can poop like a baby on live television. 😕", "I'm embarrassed he claims to be from Missouri.", 'Josh Hawley is such a fool', "She's showing again She's just a blabber mouth\nShe's not a  doctor or even a journalist.", "Came to slay for another day Ma'am!!! Let em know Bri!", 'I thought when u r being silenced is when you not allowed to speak, but you’re speaking loud and clear right now Mr. Hawley.', 'Ashamed that he thinks he represents my state.', "My opinion: Stopping the commission is how the guilty coverup. If the Senate can't vote in a commission for Jan. 6th insurrection! Then the DOJ needs to do something of the same or equivalent", 'Freedom of press belongs to those who own the press. Not to you,  joshski.', 'he sounds and looks like a slimy used car salesman']]